Hmmm, I'm a guy suffering from verbal abuse from my wife.
it wouldnt be a word, it would be me singing operah.
I like my life with the exception of her yelling and cussing.
Then kiss her;) works every time bro!!!!
dont beg for love dont beg for money and dont beg for respect.
because you are still in middle school i do not suggest dating someone in high school.
try a different kind of girl.
this girl and i cross a few lines here and there.
its not the size of the boob but rather how well one can carry her boobs thats attractive.
all you got to do is ring her bell !!!
yes, well i guess it depends on the vows.
maybe you `should be asking where are the stds in Ks.
If she hasen't bought it up there is no need to talk about it...
Please don't go any further with this guy.
Talk about 'the time when we...' or 'that one time when we...'.
any ideas where i could go to meet them?
whatever they accuse you of they are doing it.
Simply tell him  Hey I don't like you like that, just let go.
It's not as bad as everyone makes it sound.
Maybe you can relive that, then kick it up a notch.
think about what you want from a wife
Ps- Look at my question, I posted I need help, too.
To me Love is Gotham City
he was an extrovert and i the introvert.
u r   in the right place right now.
I could be that she/he just want to have something, some fun or...
Are you looking for bad girls or a nice girls?
you will make someone happy - for a whole day.
do u hesitate to talk to them?
First of all why was the house a mess anyway?
Just give ol' Mom a break and let her have her fun.
And he cant just pick the women he wants to be with like the large membered men.
Stay with girls your own age.
a card that says Merry Christmas P.S.
U GET DEPRESSED AT SOME TIMES U FEEL LIKE U CANT DO NOTHING JUST LET IT GO PAST.
Good luck With Finding Love if you haven't already!!!!
so, dont get too much that spoil ur life
Hang out with friends eevry chance you get.
if you cant spend time with her and communicate theres no reason to pursue
marrying your best friend will be the best decision you will ever make in your life...
every 1 fights...but u dont wanna waste ur life on 1 gurl if u dont love her
AM I GONNA LET ONE NIGHT OF SEX RUIN WHAT I HAVE AT HOME.
by usher     wine by r kelly and thing that is soft r&b that has a good beat
OK NOW, YOU WANT LIKE A TROPHY BOYFRIEND.
If you want to hang out and are interested in her then go.
Sit down and watch it with him.
Yes there is..just try and look, maybe one day you will find him.
WHEN YOU THINK OF INTERACTING WITH THE OTHER PERSON, TREAT THEM THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED
k bye btw, im a chick
no i dont believe so, this not to say that love isnt great but look at domestic violence situations.
Do you remember the words to the commitment you made - til death do you part???
Just simple dumb little things will get you were you wana be !
dont make the mistake bout getting a pretend bf, hell think your unavailable.
love you don't cheat on, affection you care about but still want to see who else is out there
Just be there for him and listen.....
GOOD LUCK YOUR GONNA NEED IT!!
sure, as long as they keep it just friends
But we only worry about in the future am i _going to get_ too big?
IN THE RAIN LIKE IN THE NOTEBOOK!
if he doesnt, then hes not worth it.
but the problem is that you dont know if the person youre feeling it for truly love you back.
majority of the time, thats all they want.
a hand made card for her with lots of love
SOMEONE WHO WILL LOVE THEM FOR WHO THEY ARE, NOT CRITISIZE THEIR LOOKS OR ANYTHING ELSE.
he likes me but he wont tell me
MOST PEOPLE WILL WONDER WHY IT TOOK SO LONG TO.
They're all out to get you!!
something that you will have to do
something that you will have to do
:-) (Ps...I am not a GAY!
If he's not there then it will not work.
And remember, smart girls like smart guys.
And it gives them a complex (I mean it would with most humans).
do you like to be spank?..thats a weird question
just look for x-rated things when you're doing searches.
Don't let him get all sexist on you.
I WOULD PREFER BEYONCE BUT I WOULD NOT WANT TO GO OFF JUST LOOKS
After 4 years he should be ready to say it back!
but if you just try to work things out, your only lost of time spent.
I know it's not easy, but just forget it.
Last i had sex with my wife was 2 mths ago.
do u not like his kids?
when the fun is gone the love follows.
Think, how much do you know about her?
Stop slacking and get to work man.
You can't find it ~ it finds you!
Grow two things tween yer legs and ask her out!
My husband does and it doesn't bother me.
i have a friend since we were in our diaper years.
i think she probably wanted to keep it a secret.
I want her to be happy, but it seems like we just don't mesh right now
You will find that one, but dont look!
Why on earth would they care?
they may sound nasty or dumb, even if they look good.
#2 Why would you want a boy to notice you that you didn't like?
But remember, past is past !
maybe cause your used to him being with you and you miss him
Probably the same, needles hurt...... Getting stuck with a tack, rusty nail?
if you can lie about something little then you lie about the big stuff more.
ask the 14 year old, she should know.
if you truly loved him you wouldn't have cheated in the first place.
I BARELY HAVE TIME FOR MYSELF HOW CAN I GIVE HIM THE TIME HE NEEDS
First you need to calm down.
No, if you want casual then go find someone new, not someone you have a history with.
a gal or a guy falling in love after they started courting.
most straight guys don't know that for sure, and that's without the temptation of penis!
I know I'm not and I'm 23).
the taxi's waiting he's blowing his horn
move on and find someone you can trust again, he'll only hurt you again.
i'm not sure if you mean o-sex or a-sex.
If you're not there to stop her then how do you know that her word is true 2 u?
bY NOT CALLING HER FAT......INSTEAD CALL HER BIG BONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tell him if he can't hack it, pack it !
all my bags are packed, i'm ready to go....
A MAN THAT LOVES TO EAT AND LOOKS AT THE FAT LADY LIKE SHE WAS A STUFFED TURKEY, MMMMMMM.
i am against gay marriage but i dont have a problem with people being gay.
Her first initial is A.  OMG What am I gonna do?
To win one you have to get to know her...
just make sure he loves u back and then face the whole world 2gether
and could u anwser my question too?
what do i do if my mom finds out?
SURROUND YOUR SELF WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE SPECIAL TO YOU.
i personaly couldnt do it, but i know many who would.
try eating lunch with her, if that works out for a couple days- you all are actually conversating?
Only talk about you and her and how things are going with the 2 of you.
a relaitionship isnt based on making out so you should be fine w/ 1 or 2 missed oppertunities
get a diffrent phone number or get a restraining order
and just because you are lonely and they fill that gap doesnt mean you are in love.
no, you are way too young.
Depends On what your looking for in a guy and what you want.
Join him...and have fun doing each other thereafter!
there was one episode where the host (the new guy not tommy grand) got stabbed.
Just be you......let nature take its course!
make sweet love to them..al of them!!
dont let them get away or you will only end up hurting yourself.
and for xmas i was thinking of giving him mine!
It sounds like his the one that broke up with you, Right?
I want to get married and breed, I cant do that with gays.
If you want to have kids, yes.
but doesn't have a straight only policy.
if u r the other guy (the man in question) what would you expect dear?
SHE WAS ALWAYS THE STRONGEST PERSON I EVER KNEW, BUT SOMETIMES THERE'S A PERSON WHO CAN REALLY DESTROY YOU.
If it was a total accident then NO I wouldn't  - things happen.
And it doesn't just jump up and grab you at a later time.
you guys broke up so you can't hold that against her.
Sometimes it is hard for a girl to see that a guy they are dating isn't nice at first.
sorry but my wife did the same to me...
with an negative attitude like that, yup.
Really, though, fun dates don't have to be expensive.
know when i'll be back again oh babe
I believe men look at porn and so what.
And that's the kind of guy you want anyway.
you are probably so unpopular because you are a big fat (A)-hole.
I HAVE DONE EVERY THING THAT THE LAW ALLOWS...ANY IDEAS???
drink too much talk too much...
i think boys fall 4 gurlz who have a preety face, a gr8 body and no brain.
Just don't be surprised if he cheats or dumps you.
She has an awful lot to lose.
Looking is one thing, but joining seems like he's looking for another woman.
NOTHING UNDER THE SUN IS THAT IMPORTANT!!!!!!!!
Dump him and get on with your life.
and tell them that you aren't interested.
Don't try to force it, though.
some people do and some dont
i do not have a special bond with my father.
If your brain or heart can't tell, Wee Willy Winky will tellya!
sometimes things bother me that doesn't bother him.
should I give them back or not?-(I broke up with him if you were wandering!)
finding someone you want to spend your life with would be love.
Im hispanic... and I never wanted to scream something out in spanish... just made no damn sense to me.
mabey you shouldnt say it, maybe you should just go 4 it.
you can get hom only in the dreams
to break up with my boyfriend for somthing he never did
Well girl, most of the time you don't!
Like my  husband sets  around no matter what time he gets home he just watches tv, sleeps and reads.
Talk on the phone like I suggested in your other post :}
just show her a good Sexperience.
If you're lucky, wifey won't find out.
i mean do really take that much
first ask youself if he is the right guy.
still can she have a crush on me.
and that they have no business messing with your marriage.
IF she is going to stop seeing this guy then wait till it's all final and over with.
I am a guy...I would say the first things the girls notice is the wallet!
when u are in love and know that this is the right person
Do not try to date just yet.
When she says no, she means no!
Rip his clothes off when he gets home!
...He sounds boring...VERY unlike men such as myself...Lol.
If he likes sports, buy him a skyblue basketball or something
Have you tryed Porn, toys, in the park, on the beach,(if available),or, just do like i do.
it would be best if u asked a family member about that
I met my son's stepfather at work :)
a true friend is someone you can talk to and someone u can trust.
But you shouldn't trust my opinion, i just like lesbians :) lol
what you feel when you met the guy/girl of your dremas
Don't wait for him to make the move!!
chat with me and email me.
take him somewhere energetic or make it a romatic night at home.
you should wait until you are married if that is what you want.
then talk to him constantly, non stop, about anything, your day, you dog, tv, whats not on tv.
check my answer to your previous question
if he was chrisitan like he should have been (equally yolked?)
even though everyone saw me give him my house key he says i was telling our business.
be sweet, but don't overdo it.
Easy to massage and I like that sleek look.
Tell them you do not see them that way.
being yourself and not something your not.
Its sounds like your a bit angry!!!
THEY HAVE MORE CLASS AND ARE  MORE> WHAT SHOULD I SAY?
Now think of this guy... Is he worth that.
maby one day your will come along
how do i get him back?
yes but it can also be a good thing 2  depends on how it works out
Why get involved with this type of guy?
THIS WAY YOU WILL HAVE BOTH.
the eyes are the best part of a woman
Ask if she likes this or that.
someone you would die for is love.
oh yeah and he's going to me birthday party.
Just after you have flossed, brushed and garggled...oh, yeah...him too.
If he is super cute you should go out with him.
It wil lblow her mind that you listened to her.
See what can go wrong in this picture?
So no, soulmates do not exist.
i'm into a relationship & i want to impress my lady with little or no fault of mine.
The girl and I never see each other at all now.
dont blame her blame her mom or dad.
when i got home he was still there sleep.
realistically have 3-5 times per week
it dependes on what he likes.
hello, ms jasmine,  first of all, does anyone know why he is doing that?
~~Pretty stupid that I asked it!
during school i have two jobs and 15 credit hours.
I guess I am just a guy and I can't help it that's why.
I can't seem to find a heterosexual straight guy anywhere...
well you would have to email me back @ fossil7998@yahoo.com and we can talk about that.
probably, but so is everything else humans do on a daily basis.
;) just kidding, I personally prefer loose fitting underwear...
love love is more powerful then money
They have hand-held video games now that don't cost a lot of money, even $1.00-$5.00 and up.
I really adore big girls... but i'm not infactuated by them..
people need there space why dont u call him at all be fair
I don't think it is wrong.
If it does, then I am cheating way to much.
Just get a girlfriend where you live.
Suck it up and take it in stride.
People suck and sh** on others all the time it is human nature.
Ive never had an ugly breakup and Ive never gone out with a girl twice.
If you barely know here, maybe not.
You should be more focused on their personality:)
And forget the past- cannot return it back anyway!
how can i meet other 15 year olds
If you are a guy, girls like brave guys.
if ur the same age use the phone if ur not i would cut him off
Barry White...anything, even just breathing, is sexy.
but i think u had this thoughts before marriage also..if im not wrong.
When you find love, you will definentily know it!- I promise!
Guys wouldn't date girls if they couldn't get any action at all.
Of course you girls give me your two cents worth too!
I dont know what to say sorry!
he says i tell our business but people around us already know.
Have I lost my best life :( ?
why is he even having sex w/you if he's gay?
no because your being a iddiot
if you can't talk about it yet, you're not ready.
listening to what they have to say.
there is no reason why you can't date older chicks if girls date older men.
well where a uniform ha ha ha!!!
wait until 15 to allow that, then mini golf with an adult escort.
Fly over there and knock door to door.
Dating should be fun and not always trying to work problems out.
Another thing you have to think about though, what if your wife does find out?
hello this isn't some type of sex site but if u want to know then u r sick!!
Then u can ask her out on a friendly get together.
I cant w8 to go back to school to see my best friend and my boyfriend
yes it does.its about 2 -21/2 inches in on the top if she laying down on her back!
run like the wind and don't look back
hmmm all goes back to what you want to believe....
no answer just i want to collect 2 points ;)
this is a trust issue in that you will always wonder if she will cheat on you.
Good friends don't care if you can't call them.
First of all, you shouldn't do it over the phone.
Maybe women are just more vocal, like they are in day-to-day life.
he don't like going dancing, being were theres a lot of people around etc...
you gotta get out there and talk to them.
guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are.
How old are the 2 of you?
she helped out more seh was not only concerned with her appearance
Maybe you should ask HIM that... (there is not a handbook or manual for relationships)
go literotica.com  i send my hubby stories from there.
You don't want it to fester.
is he always living in my dreamland?~~
are u a database designer ?
Did you ever just love an animal like a cat or dog?
IT DEPEND ON YOURE OUT LOOK.
BROTHERS ARE LIKE THAT THAY WHER MADE TO GIT THER BIG SISDERS MAN JUST LIKE MY LITTLE BROTHER
well most women do not need a man.
did you see the movie Trois
how old are YOU in the first place?
S&M = Sadism & Masochism  Definitions:  Sad•ism (sayd'-iz-em)  (1.
stroke you up (i forgot the artist)
If it where someone unrelated and whom you didn't care about you probably would'nt even have raised an eyebrow.
Kind of like trying to take a shower with your clothes on.
heck ya its possible, want some help?
cuz a lot of men are a$$es and we feel we're better off alone.
and then again dont be to high !!!
Anyway she sounds like she meant a lot.
see if he talks or follow u a lot.
but i dont see the point either!
If he doesn't like u, u'll know and can move on.
IF I ONLY COULD PICK JUST ONE!
why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend?
He will probably be embarassed, but he should get over it if he's a nice guy!
Lol i think its retarded to have gay marriages.
boy you are in love just go with your heart and make sure that you dont get it broke
Usually right after you've booted Kitty Puss Puss across the room when you thought she wasn't looking!
17. i was a skinny dork in school and looked like a boy...no hips, butt, boobs, it was awful.
IT'S UNDESCRIBABLE BUT YOU WILL KNOW WHEN THE TIME COMES.
it's the thought that counts, really, it is.
i gave u some addresses where u can meet gays without paying.
Me 7&da other guy were in luv also cuz he was my 1st and my 1st luv!
I am going after my partner not the person they were with.
Well, first I am going to put this out there.
you would not like to do it always right.
I hope you find good news....
i wouldn't try to talk to her.
I think it means she doesn't like kids who spell it luv.
You are not over the relationship with this guy.
No Las Vegas style weddings, either.
i'll call you when i wake up, i promise.
she wont be much else to you..
Even if she came back would you honestly be able to trust her?
does he touch u alot make comments toward how u look...
He will eventually get the hint thatyou like him and break up with her sincce he doesnt like her!
just consider if you think that it's worth it.
If you applyed as much thought to that you would probly make all A's
well you know what they say right treat them rough u get the muff
So you start to think about being with her in that mmmmmm way you know?
DO NOT BE THE ONLY GUY.
do you two have many problems?
and willing to take responciblty for him for the next 10 years if it doesn't work out.
If that doesnt disturb your daily routine or schedule, its no way BAD.
no girl deserves to be cheated on and then lied to on top of it.
if you love him enough and if you believe he is worthy of your love then stay!
u usually a friend of a friend of a friend is friends with ur ex.
THE RIGHT AGE WILL BE IF ANY GIRL ASKS YOU FOR THAT...
Look at you waiting for him!
there are many many gods (supposedly).
like many have said talk w/ your girl.
Show her you realize you were a bonehead idiot.
Dont be a assaholic and say stuff like ha your stupid
She will think you hung the Moon!
it even has the part in the book that talks about your issue.
I was just wondering because a lot of my friends do that..
Girls never love a guy,,they love his pant,,shirt,,money,,fame,,bike,,house,,any damn thing but never HE HE AND ONLY HE,,OK????
(If you look good and he is still preforming sexually with you, who cares?)
stay with the one you love and have sex with the other one
I don't think it matters if you act like it.
well how do you know her?
If after two years go by, and he still hasn't asked you out, then he wasn't flirting
Lingerie just comes off quickley anyway!
Not until your 21 if you ask me (but I'm old fashioned like that).
1:he should love me 2:he should love me more then yesterday 3:he should love me less then tomorrow
Damn,   I thought I was the only one...
my husband had been cheating on me since we had a baby.
sure we have all thought of it.
I haven't had that problem that god!!
What I think is that the age does not matter i¿f god says that its OK.
Would you honestly not care seeing another girl with your man?
Of course I would be mad.
Talks about himself...about how he needs to improve his looks...etc...
look first try getting your self-esteem up do things you would never do.
There are different kinds of love mum -> son love.
You are not still a Slut....you're an ex-slut.
Hope this has been helpful  ;)
necklace or a braclet but not a ring.
my husband is wants me to try new things in bed.
i depend on him for everything and couldnt financially make it with out him.
Do what your gut tells you.
i was proposed to on New Years eve and it's so romantic!!!
Ciao Bella, you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa.
BE SURE,GOD LOVES EVERYONE OF US INCLUDING YOU.YOU JUST HAVE TO FIND GOD IN YOURSELF.
no i dont having kids is not easy mmm and u must be thanxfulll for that
Call him and say it's over.
What in the hell are you doing with a married man???
I say get an education and then worry about that!
bots just anoy us while we are chatting
If I was a girl I'd be gay.
LET THEM SEE YOU AT YOUR BEST.
Sounds to me, you went after a high maintence girl.
2 types of Love: Love 'the verb' & Love 'the feeling'.
Right i just said it to you.
i wouldnt cheat on u if u were nice
Just make sure the person your havin sex with doesn't have an std
you have to think of everything..
just want to know 'bout general thinking
no its not if you realy care about someone!!
probably 20 percent of married people.
4 the  way to react well just say ie to me agian  i dare you  love, dev
The movie line, don't say anything
go to aol.com and find chat then find that room.
But good luck, and happy gaming.
You wont believe this anyway ..But age 52
hey your name is great....becase its the name of my best friend in chandigarh too....
See if she wants to have a go at it.
It sucks realizing love never existed where I thought it did, but was a life lesson that I've experienced.
Don't let egos to come in.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
lol dont know what type of girl u are....i hope i helped
Two: Why did you get divorced anyways?
Three: Track him down with a PI, like Inspector Claseau.
!just go directly to what ur weaknesses and redirect it!!!
a feeling that can never be explained
If you really like the girl.. you know what makes her happy.
just watch football and take your laptop with you!
no wonder your avatar looks so sad.
I was just curious cause I wanna try with my boyfriend.
its not a very good relationship if he only wonts sex... write a letter and neva see him again.
6 to 6 and a half inches.
You shouldn't ask out a 14 year old, that's too young!
not very hard, if you're hott
if u r looking 4 a 1 night sex, i would say that person u meet is worthless
Girls worry about their skin like crazy and she'll run a mile before getting close to a spotty face!
how to approch them and ask them?
you just have to learn to trust people.
Wait until your late 20's early 30's.
i would cut ties with so-called fam member/friend.
: I was straight until my 15 b-day, bisexual from 15 - 21,I am gay now.
So they like us naughty and nice for sure.
and you need this 3 things mature enough to enjoy sex.
They both have very good points...and DO NOT HAVE SEX BEFORE MARRIAGE!
If he is a sports fan...he will be thrilled if you are too!
Girls that just sleep around don't care if you tell them you love them, they just want to fuck.
I dunno, even if she like you, and then she'll prob.
No, I dont think your wrong.
But once you are in the friend zone it is really hard to get out!!!
Hang in there DON'T GIVE UP MAN.....
I can not imagine life without kids.
leave your husband and find a new best friend
give me an instance....yes i am single go figure.
My world is brighter because you walk in it...
a lot of gurl will deny it and say oh i only like personality but we realy do.
if not just turn her down and tell her how much you apreciate your friend.
You said it beautifully already, now just say it to her.
we will probably get married one day and have talked about it recently.
so that's what she might be doing.
Hope it helps Most Excellent One  ;)  Gary
depends if you want to or not
follow his eyes and connect them with his moves and reactions then u'll find it out
for now at least, don't talk to him, keep your distance until you cool down a bit.
Making out with guys is really gross.
If not, you should not worry...
not if its importantif you just rung to say hi several times in one hour, that would be annoying
Don't waste your time on the low-life looser!!!!!!!!!!
your perfect obidience in every way.
you two only see each other for the time.
Tongue   her til she gets off.
If you do, I guess you do (5 years!!!!
THEY DON'T WANT TO BE PREGNANT
i guess when he starts to like men
did u say a joke then she thinks u are funny.
simple is boring, complicated is not...
I like Craigslist and OK Cupid.
If you believe lesbos are cool then say so and if not then why?Me personnaly well I am one!!
No flower, no candies nothing like that.
you don't know you have to trust him
they don't give up the sex  answ3r3r
That is what women like, real guys, not fake guys
Cuddling with my husband and reading a good book!
There, I said what you want to say to her!
You know it is like a marriage.
What should I do to flirt with her?
Luckily I haven't had to start a fight.
So how and the heck am i too meet a partner if i cant talk to strangers!!?
take it from me its not worth it
take it from me its not worth it
after breaks you should go to bathroom to do sssssssssss&sisisisisisiisiiisii....................
forget her and them then u'll find them follow u ... believe me
You just have to be willing to take that risk.
That's what I heard once, & thought it was cute...
Not very good, since it looks like a whole bunch of people already did!
u know those things that a woman does that sends off warning sugnals in ur head?
But that didn't stop me from the best one nite stand i have ever had.
Choose the restaurant......but say, I chose this because I want the best for you.
Because they get the male species hot!
maybe he had it on there and forgot about it?
i woke up with him on top of me and his***** inserted in my cl*t
i still call up one of those women  every once in a while to go out for a beer.
you wouldnt buy a pair of shoes without trying them on... why should sex be any different.
who goes to death by his own will!!!!
I don't want any drama, i just want my dress back.
THE SAME WAY A SINGLE MOM DOES!
watch 40 yr old virgin that movie is kik ass funny and it will give you some tips
and how sweet, and kind you can be!
next time you get jiggy with it ask her if you can use the vibrator on her.
Some guy just want to have fun, other guys want something more serious..etc.
No sweetie, this is not cheating.
OR  you could try casually starting a conversation about diamonds......that would work too
how old is ever1 on here
outdoor wedding..lots of colorful flowers, jewel tone fabrics.no silk florals
it's not as scary as it seems.
you better give her a dinner date.
only guys here the the secretaryy is like super ugly and about 25 years older than i am.
It really depends if the guy really likes the girl or not.
OMG so ask him to go study with you in libary!
a 10 dollar gift card for a thrift store.. LOL
Take a breather, (I'm sure he is feeling a little bad too) and go cuddle with him.
I dont care about the diamonds or the cost of my wedding ring.
DON'T MAKE A FAST MOVE, BUT USE THAT GOD GIVEN INTRUMENT - UR MOUTH.
ok, if you ask nicely I will.
(Interestingly none of them would dare date a black guy!)
YOU GO GIRL AND STAND UP FOR YOURSELF YOU HERD ME!
YOU NEED TO DO SOME INVESTIGATING BEFORE YOU ASSUME THAT SHE IS CHEATING.
talking sexually or intimatly with anoyone other than your spouse is cheating.
Especially if you're not the girlie type.
The female brain is far too complicated for that!
But on the other hand (u woman - ya'll r sneaky and devias sometimes.
if he's your ex, don't get him anything!
if you have to ask that question, just walk away
My boyfriend and I just don't have much fun.
cuzzz they are women they have pussy and butt that why.
if theres a second date, thats a good sign
a guy that takes the lead and stay in control
He or she isn't worth it.
if u are a cheater yourself u are certain to get a cheater.this is divine rule.
it is always appropriate to tell someone you love them, even if you don't.
NO BUT... IM COMIONG FOR YOU I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE
Being happy IS THE RIGHT THING!
i like to let my 2 boys and the big tree hang loose every now and then.
cz they too will think the same way about us.
Since you have raise the point,I realize that too!
BE HONEST TO HUSBAND,LOVE HIS FAMILY,DON'T SAY EVERYTHINGTO HUBBY,
You know, maybe they'll invite you over for trist!
there is no way u can be together?
Brunette for sure...who said Blondes have more fun?
there is no way u can be together?
just tell them that you dont want a marrige right now.
1. for no one every to get sick and die only die from old age .
but if ever that happens to me, i wouldn't be able to get over it right away.
first of all she shouldnt do that.
Because women think alot of things that don't make sense.
(ok I also giggled.....but wow....horrid date!)
LET HIM GO, SOON HE'LL REALIZE WHAT HE HAD!
I wasn't doing it for the money but because I loved him.
you shouldn't have to try to get a boyfriend, it should just happen.
give her a red bull and she'll fly away just like in the commertial
honey, if it's taken him this long, probably not
She said she is gonna call me and let me know.
Only if the girls are sexy though.
The only thing I regret is that I married the wrong person...lol!
some place that is not full of noise !
think of things to say to him.
dont  ask sexual or questions that pertain to the crap that she usually gets at a club!
not interested in rekindling the love you once had.
bECAUSE GUY ARE SICK PERVERTS WHO MAKE US THINK THAT!
men w/ men is not beneficial to anything, man with woman makes life!
If he loves you... he loves you!
always smile and be energetic.girls dont fall for money u can have cute gals around u with ur humor.
Well if you're not just trying to pick her up you have nothing to worry about.
Best of luck to you Jolly Roger!
Go to my 360 and check a few pics i have listed.
Why do YOU HaVe-To have This gal???
Bang his best friend, have someone videotape it(or tape it yourself) and then make him watch it!
I almost always have to initialize the quick pecks during the day!!
a lot i can't count.lol.no seriously i think about 25...gee!
just tell him youd like to go out sometime?
If that doesn't work for u.
hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out.
Sometimes I love something or someone so much that when they let me down.......I HATE IT!!
WE TELL EACH OTHER I LOV YOU EVERY NIGHT.
If its not right then way waste anymore time thinking about it.
do you trust people online ?
cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are BIG turn offs.
cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are BIG turn offs.
Also, in top ten is: i'm a lesbian, but i'll make an exception with you...
Well i just want to try and get him to like me.
So when I don't get it enough, I go searchin for the boy to give it to me!
If not, break up with your girlfriend and do what you want.
he used to be really sweet and do things for me.
you need to work on your english... spellings and grammar.
its like two for the price of one.
it's perfectly fine, there's someone out there for you.
I go for the beautiful face...
!and how i will start with her?
why worrie about it just call me
Um...wow,lmao.I guess they like to be around them,I really have no idea...wow.You've sen that?
Tell her to F**k of, just kidding.
Anyway that sounds hot, I wouldn't drop her, but I don't know if I'd marry her.
if she cheated on him then she could just as easily cheat on you.
but even a little check like that would be worth $15.
i would want to stay friends, so no
hE COMES TO SEE ME VERY WEEKEND B/C WE ARE STILL YOUNG.
hE COMES TO SEE ME VERY WEEKEND B/C WE ARE STILL YOUNG.
YEAH BUT IF SHES A TEASE WELL DNT WHO WANTS TO DEAL WITH A TEASE
wow that is a good anticipation.
if the boys cheat, then they are losers.
I never got to tell him exactly how I felt.
because u didn't face the true love till now
match.com and if your jewish jdate.com
teenagers use the internet for homework plus it's winter break u know for christmas.
oh yeah btw we r both 12.
And my buddy didn't kick my ass either because he was dating my sister.
stop focusing on looks and quit looking altogether.
Each time I cried like a baby!
no way gir were is his respect for you.
or they think that by telling you that it will turn you on.
Talk,get to know him and finaly ask him on a date!!
buy a car and go where the wind takes you.
u just keep silent like u dont knows she is existing
and if its going to be a problem then just dont talk to him anymore.
it's tough... but you have to find it in yourself to go on.
I've known love from friends, guys, my moms,n family.
Make if funny if she says no, and i asure you shell end up saying yes.
Hope you're in that same boat.
ehehehe it's not weird at all.
he probably isn't cheating on you.
firstly I can say girl friend is not on road.
You could play the What if?
We DO create a lot of our own problems that way:)
She's an I-MaC and your A PC ...get my drift
I tried it once but he immediately knew that was me :)
I want to smile and enjoy every minute..even during sad times...we'll keep our 'wits.'
first of all why do you call yourself darkangle?
is there a problem with me.
Why do men do this you ask?
yes   2 years is no big deal
He would make us all look really bad ;)
He says i have bussniess trips everywhere lately.
yup absoloutely ok as long as ya look carefully
If you are a guy:  You are setting yourself up for failure.
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE THE BEST FRIEND I EVER HAD!
this is because LOVE IS BLIND.
a couple of tattoos are ok. certain peircings are hot.
He will probably go back there.
If you banged her mom or sister, you're not getting her back.
it isn't just your perfection you have to cope with, its everybody elses).
So you want one and don't want one?
you should always be who you are.
get married.... no wait, then you'll never get laid!
No you stab at what you can get close to    Then you move in !!!
just on days that end in Y
my famile was cool with it, but i know there some familes that are not.
going somewhere that has a pool table!
You know the old saying goes boys only want one thing so just wait.
only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
What if they wanted to wait for marriage?
But, REMEMBER, her ex was NOT a good man either...he cheated on her.
Hey, do you want to be my boyfriend?
Heck what will you do in your free time...LOL
If you meet a guy and have been hanging out for over month.
would you love that person any less if that happened?
i dont won't to be nosisy.
But oh it was so much fun getting there, lol.
When you don't like something do you say that it is gay?
Whey people don't like african girls?
but just have a sence of style and hygene and you'll attract a guy
Don't think of it as spying....
Go out to a club and ask some girls.
you take your wife for a reason right?
Girl, I've been there done that!
yes it is a sin and it is illegal!
#2 do u enjoy the doormat position?
not very expensive and you get a lot for your money
thats why they say better or worse, not better or nothing.
You were not a prick, you were a gentleman!
I think that he is seeing another girl, but he is HOT!!
You do know what a Houdini is, don't you?
Maybe she is not a girl?
please send any help info that is available.
Do whatever it takes to stay close emotionally!
well i say u should still be friends but dont stay with him for a long time
My mom chose a younger guy.
Be shy, but speak ur mind wen u feel u should.
you have to ask your self do i deserve better than this.
You could always put the plane tickets in a huge box and wrap it ;)
because he dont like you, hes gay
Ask him about it, If you thin he is lying, give him an ultimatum.
Because mature woman are good companion.
A VERY CARING PERSON, WILL HELP ANYONE IF I CAN, BUT DON'T HURT THE PEOPLE I LOVE.
And what's not to be attracted to by that?
Soon u will find the right guy.
He might he that as fun.
my husband is working in new jersey right now but ppl said hes married?
Hmmm....I don't usually recommend asking right out.
Maybe she's in love with it.
So there really isn't any clear cut way of knowing.
find out if this guy still like you or not and then hook up with me at jellybreadkeisahhly@yahoo
Thanks for the comment on my question Poohjo :D  Love your enthusiasm also  ;)
Just say your right to everything she says
Its like there addicited to it!!
oh you never should just agree a relationship, deep down you don't want it.
You don't want a man, you want a servant.
however, he is married and with a kid (she knows, kid doesn't).
I know a lot of people who are on their 2nd marriages that do that.
should i call him or what?
buy her flowers or something she wouldnt expect
Ask him why dose he like you?
hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs.
That does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love.
im 24 and my wife is 35.
I just don't think most guys date with the initial intention of getting married, that just comes along later.
he and i are both very attractive and sucessful.
Think about your kids...you might end up with nothin in the end..period
when you can't stop to think about that person
Any place where u like to make love is heaven for u.
i think it really depends on what the female is looking for.
Men do this sort of thing because they generally get away with it.
if not he might be obligated.
dress sexy and then get naked
First of all try gaining her father's trust
Umm...it takes me a while, 'k?
he wants whats his own baby.
just gotta have faith in another person
BE THANKFUL FIRST OF ALL THAT IT HAS HAPPENED BEFORE YOU TWO FINALLY TIED THE KNOT!
i dont wanna get deviore with the kids i have.
I HAVE A CRUSH ON THIS GIRL BUT SHE DOSENT KNOW IT YET.
Well I hope this helps some....I know it helped me let go.
you just realized sooner as you get older how dumb it all is.
she does not act like her self!
U may have 2 just ask her why she dosent talk to u as much.
It makes it that much more precious when you DO say it!
men- sex men-power women-money ( theres always a gold digger out there )
i also prefer my guys big.
You gotta have trust in a relationship.
Is it wrong to laugh at a man when he says Men have needs???
maybe they  feel to  comfortable  around  you if i were single i wouold go for ya
don't push him.......it'll only lead to resentment and he'll pull away faster than anything.
well...im in high-school and have been for 2 years now, so ive learned alot!
I want the wedding of my dreams!
The one who never says 'NO'  ;)
I wouldn't think that just hers is such a nice idea.
wow... why did you limit that query to just 2005?
If I want them I buy them myself or ask him to pick them up for me.
some females do that, make it on you to leave.
dont say it before you get to affectionate.
But like if u over 30 dats stragiht.
Lots of nice, intelligent girls... ;)
say are you doing anything some night & ask her to a movie.
by fame and never be disappointment then remember that failure is the first step to succeed
yes because we need to get to know people
Maybe she thinks u r some kind a virus or 3.
we dont have to work as hard b/c dudes are easy prey
to make a friend, be a friend...to make a spouse, be a spouse!
be there for the person, help out, be a friend.
heres the deal, theres love and lust.
asking u out may seem risky because he doesnt know u like him back.
Do u believe in love at first sight?
u should look at the girls around u even far away from u at all times.
she has been talking on the phone to a guy she met online/but not in person!
through my ups and my downs and he still doesnt leave me at all.
And you dont deserve this kind of man.
Such a bad idea if you decide to hook up with her.
say mom dad i have a boyfriend and i would like you to meet him
But that doesn't make it right.
you can start by spelling loser right.
i got to know this gal thru online chat.
none of his or my female friends are our type.
well i hope i helped ya out!
Girls like guys that are romantic.
Can't you find girls in college?
Meaning that it need cared for and about.
!im 14 seeking for lots of advice.
BECAUSE WOMEN THESE DAYS DONT CARE IF SOMEONE IS MARRIED OR NOT.
trust me its good to have experience, especially if the other girl has some.
if he gets another girl to give him what he needs.
Don't be so hard on yourself!
my father died 2 years ago from a cancer that starts with an m i dont remember the name
Guys think about the following things about girls:: 1.
moms' always thinks they know whats best, for and they are usually right.
Rudha, i would like to know abt u a bit.
the problem is you can't....but if he really cared about you he'd have more than sex on his mind!
He may finally say all right I trust you so stop following me!
i wanna no if i fit in.
!There is nothin sexy about nasty old blood comin out of a kootch!!!
but  here it gooes did it hurt .then they said what ?
a good movie to see with on a date?
In slot machine, if you get 777, that means you get a Jackpot!
I even asked her why and she couldn't give me a straight answer.
so your just the backup boyfriend just end the friendship your getting played
funny, kind, strong, common sense, and well what the women has as her strength.
do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls?
tell a friend to ask him or her
show her how to eat properly and encourage her each day.
No guarantee tho, because some men never grow up.
I know i definately would want to know.
NOW YOU TELL ME - What does that tell you?
Just because you look it doesn't mean you want to buy.
Both need to be good to go!
If you are a chick, then give lots of tongue.
What the hell am i suppose to do???
i use myspace and xanga check out my myspace n xanga!
it means sad......ur having a sad christmas.....ur lonley
You don't mess with chics like that.
Honey, I thought told you to wait in the truck!
So why do you guys think this happens?
It really sucks actually, cuz your like damn I screwed it up.
THERE ARE FEELINGS THAT WE HAVE WHEN INFATUATED, THAT WE DON'T HAVE WHEN WE ARE IN LOVE.
If you want to marry him.
Oct. 16 1996, and they have 3 little girls!!
Or is he cheating on you, or stealing money from you.
Obviously it didn't start out like this, otherwise you wouldn't be with that person.
maybe because birds are afraid of getting close to people ...
(please exuse my spelling, i suck w/ it)
Show her love during the day.
Yeah, if you're stuck on getting with her.
YOU KNOW LOVE ESPICALLY YOUR OWN BUT TO DETERMINE THE OTHER PERSON LOVE FOR YOU IS THE HARD PART
Does he always seem happy to see you?
you guys could go out as friend to like a movie or something fun.
yea i think you should ask her.
im sure you will like it there.
Oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that!!!
MOST WOMEN LIE ABOUT HOW MANY GUYS THEY'VE SLEPT WITH.
I've heard some women say that their first time didn't hurt (or maybe not so much).
i tink its not important becoz, in a relationship..u need a personality and the attitude that is really attractive...
If you guys are friends, then you can definitely send her a card.
Im pretty sure it doesn't mean anything.
how long has it been since u guys haven't talked if long then just move on.
Funny thing is I realized that the other guy I loved more.
I know, was married 15 years to a person I barely liked but she had my two sons.
just accept him for his flaws, someone might even see you as immature as well.
ask if he want to go out and then go from there but no sex on first date
BITE IT OFF TONIGHT AND TELL HIM MERRY CHRISTMAS YOU BASTARD
just start flerting with her magnificent body but if she slapped you, am not responsible
or 'lol i wouldn't do her'.
if you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed.
no, it doesn't...as long as she is comfortanble with how she looks with it.
if you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed.
My hubby & i make love!
She has to be very relaxed!!!
If I want to fight I'll get into poitics.. :D
your time and attention...now get offline and get to it
If you are a guy, ask a chick.
PLEASE OH PLEASE DON'T LISTEN TO THEM.
u can never tell boys are really weird unless he makes it obvious
it might scare her off, not wanting her life with you on here.
I'm a 22 yr. old lesbian & have a crush on a beautiful older woman...
Do you want to hang out?
but 12 years later, im still wishin'.
well that may just not change.
if the retina moves to the right... its an indication
just tell him that if he don't switch it off, you will turn on yours
No way can she not want to show you in return how much she loves you too!
Tell her thats how guys are born.
)Look DON'T do it GOD Will BE MAD.
Which was funny caus ehes a dick.
You're doing a great job already... Tell her exactly what you've told us.
black and green = get him an xbox (not 360) and netflix
If that doesn't work, get yourself a drug habit..lol
what normal guy wouldn't like a naked girl at home when he walks in the door?
no one is mr. or ms. perfect.
Guys these days just dont value respect the way they did way back when!
if u luv him go 4 it as soon as u see him
Well tell him things that actually matter.
I knew before I ever even spoke with him.
Finally, remember that women cheat on men too!
i'm 27 and my girlfriend is 40 and I dont think its gonna work.
Because that's the way love goes
you have to say wat age/grade you are.
I wanna come out of this.
and if so do you think it is possible to ever feel that strongly about anyone ever again?
and remeber there is the right person out the for u!
ur guess is as good as mine
so he could be ugly but treat her like a queen.
No, and you should not be.
they badmouth others only to hide their own imperfections.
when u getta girl u can show ur tru side.
Chances are she already knows and just can't find the motivation.
If she still doesn't want to do anything...get out now.
lol well from experience, asking gets you nowhere.
And yes, girls usually like it, they say !
(IE, Russians wear their wedding bands on their right ring finger)
Ok, that will be $8 please.
NO ONE deserves some pinhead yelling at them.
you're too lazy to get out and meet?
But I will tell you a little secret...
When men have sex it's just that sex.
love makes us all  do dumb thing trust me i know.
they cant depend on their bf or gf 4 evrything, wut happends wen the other person dumps them?
Depends on what you call cheating...
I have no idea what a delmarva is...
no grrr wants a guy with dandruffy, stink hair!
She is like My sister and I love her alot but I dont know How to deal with this.
you knew how she was before you married her and now you want to use that as an  excuse???
relax... oh, make sure the guy wears a condom.
first, you kick him to the curb.
Don't use a pick up line on a woman.
i'm gonna need more details to decide that.
Not only am I slim, smart and foxy, I HAVE A ST.BERNARD THAT SPEAKS FRENCH!!
But that is to be expected and is a good thing.
he's the word of your mouth
take her to a clothes store and ask the assistant for the fatass section
dont try it unless you have meet this person because anything could happen over the internet
elijah wood because he has amazing eye's!
Get a girlfriend and try with her.
IF U GET SLAPPED,SHE IS NOT INTERESTED ELSE URS ASH.
and your girlfriend/boyfriend knows you're that type then its not cheating...
I have met 2 guys online and they both went down hill
Heck, I don't even think one can even SPELL <
Once a cheater always a cheater
but it doesnt have to be as great and pretty as ur dinner.
What is it with guys and breasts?
And dont forget to keep eye contact!
i am currently waiting and im a guy.
Don't know never had ruff sex!
I really don't want surgery but I'm at my wit's end.
because we didn't try being married
Sweetie, you cant be in love with someone you don't know.
married and with a beutiful 2 year old.
This works pretty good to (she won't think your player).
IF HE RETURNS, THEN HE'LL STAY 4 EVER.
Even if other people feel it is wrong who cares about them?
a bundle kisses with red rosees.
ur lucky that u r evn friends.
coming from a guy he probably has someone else and is using u as a friend w./ benefits
i would have to say YES!!
You could just smell his dick.
There are many things that bother u. so try to bother them.... love is jus one among many!!!
colors i would avoid - pinks, purples, pastels.
You should be enjoying it too!
NOT all men but some do.
Do all of us a favor, though...TAKE THIS PERSON DOWN!
to some it is like scotch whiskey...you have to develop a taste for it.
cuz he wants too look at ur ass and he doesn;t like u 4 who u r.
though after a while she really needs to have a good personality.
Does he ever say I love you without you saying it first?
as soon as he knocks someone up it's over.
There's lots of good women men just tend to over look them.
...if you're the single guy she's complaining to, well - this all sounds great.
Don't feel akeward not talking...they are just being sad and thankful that your there with them.
(you do want her married to a nice man, right?)
For a dear lover, get her lylacs or johnson grass or something like that.
omg that makes me pissed...i myself have dated a black guy and there is NOTHING wrong with it!
Honey, baby, sweetheart... you are being played.. BAD!
it never hurts to just ask him to hang out
just depends on the dude actually
You just start hanging out, spending time together.
becuase he wants to smell what you had for dinner...if ur smart enough to figure that one out
because is all about a mind connection... and the comunication problem is solved... is a more free.
cause they r the people with more money.
go direcltly and talk.. afterall there is always a first time when u talk to a person
If he has trouble getting a job there, has family here he doesn't want to leave, etc.
3. does he truely love you for who you are?
Give yourself time to get over him and get on with your life.
i'm sure you'll find someone more worth talking to anyway!
you dont ,they tell you they are
Now im trying to become friends with the new kid what should i do?
she has her child alive and for money she lies that her son is dead.
If he is a guy, he has been thinking about sleeping with you for 5 or 6 years.
im SOOO... in love with this guy but what should i do???
This year I am asking everyone to by me household things like lumber...drywall....etc.....how old is he?
feelin' guilty about it so jus follow ur instinct, ok. good luck.Another thing, that prob.
Do I diserve ur love ??
Look if you are like most people you really don't have the money to spend anyway.
forget him if he doesnt luv u.
Not someone else, even if ther worth it.
Then yes, we ain't gonna get it.
Why are u in the middle?
AND SOMETIMES KIDS ARE WANT THEIR PARENTS TO STAY 2GETHER
You are young and will find someone else because you sound like a good, descent person.
If she says it's cool, it's cool.
last monday, she said me she was very sick.
That said, sexuality is not as ridgid as people think it is.
liz gave you a very good answer
At least 16 or possibley older?
TO me I dont get it.
Now I am in 8th grade and he is a sophomore in HS.
plant a bug on his bedroom
OVER 20,SHES WAS OR IS A PROFESSIONAL WH***
Or is he just fooling me?
yes, although it depends he might get jelous
If the guy just had lust for you he wont even feel a pinch of pain.
Give your man good oral lafter a chick flick, and he will always go!
it mean u didnt finish what u planned on with him.
you may miss the paradise you let behind you !
I like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town.
there isn't one answer to this question.
and you'll know when youre ready!
Basically, be carefull, & don't let him&#92;her interupt your work duties & you SHOULD be fine.
ask him to marry you - see what happens!
Try to convince her that u are not going to cheat her daughter.
its actually good to do that.
Torn between two lovers?Feeling like a fool?Loving both of them is breaking all the rules!
BECAUSE THAT HAVEN'T MADE UP THEIR MINDS YET.
They don't sleep with EVERY guy .
Oh, and if you can cook.
well this is a it depends matter.
Don't let go of hope, Hope gives you the strength to keep you going!
THEN DON'T F**K AROUND WITH SOMEONE TO WHOM YOU ARE NOT MARRIED!!
If she's not the right girl, that should be a big clue.
well,my opinion is if u have trust in your boyfriend,then u wouldn't have to worry about flirtation!
don`t rush it men don`t like to be rushed on a empty stomac
heres a SECRETE THAT MEN HAVE PASSED OIN FOR GENERATION TO GENERATION.
Ha.. good question... now I know what to tell my girlfriend I want.
you already have it in your head to find each persons faults and downfalls.
lol maybe you should hold your breath when giving a guy head so you don't suffocate.
is he more friendly and touchy feely with u or is he just that way with everyone.
Take her an run to the bed..LOL
i said i would quit my teaching job and go too.
it all depends on the guy.
i said i would quit my teaching job and go too.
Am I going to get hurt?
well it depends on how much you love her.
just flirt with them and wear ome cloth that will make u look sexy!!
ask her out take the risk man
Breath a little bit deeper once in a while.
if you dont know all ready you dont need to!~!!
Here smell, do you think it stinks???
it all depends....i am a guy with a punkish attitude but down inside im a nice guy.
they could at one time have been a sl*t but have cleaned thereselves up.
Enjoy your self while it last!
...  and then they would still think about it for a moment before they said 'no'.
thats the first step, i suppose.
Also remember that the wife is always right!
try to go to partys and stuff he might be at.
Love is not sex - that is lust.
Did you get off to it?
If deep down he's a nice guy, it won't work.
if girls wanted it as much as guys we wouldnt get very far as a society.
even he agrees that i m a nice , good friend of his.
its hard to even find that these days let alone take care of a woman.
Takes these facts and ask yourself, am I a freak, or am I a super freak?
Then that'd be perverted or vice-versa!
single mothers can't leave house.... or are too lazy
wht do u have 2 do?
i would agree with wat nichole says.
Although I think it'd be kinda difficult!
I never cheated when I was married.
Give me a call, Ok babe?
i would have to say 2 dozen b/c the more u buys u roses the more he like/loves you.
because married men are more mature..they already know how to handle relationships and they have more experience
How long ago was the breakup and what were you so jealous of?
if u have summ thing in common use it
THEY were the one to cheat, remember?
if he is telling you he dosent like you , suggest some time apart.
kempie.....what the hell is up with the train analogy??
Yeah you know you are, jus go with it!
im only 13... but still... if he didnt?
on the east side (pittsburgh) we eat at beto's its the best pizza you will ever eat
DUDE,YOU DONT WHANT MOST OF THE PEOPLE IN YOUR WEDDING SAY I HAD HER.
I keep thinking she'll be back.
Well, you COULD try asking your wife.
why won't she ask me out?
sorry i just want to know how many girls ever got this line or how many guys gave it.
If you are a chick then that is awesome to do.
mmm Well when you get older you will find out :)
I cheated 2 times, THE BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE  Never Again Will it happen.
girl, i have been there done that.
Good luck and keep your chin up!
if you dont know.you havent had one and don tneed to worry about it.
Picking up girls is not all that different.)
well if she has 2 sleep with every guy obvusily she a sl.ut so that means she has 2...
Nothing like big hair, fake nails, and lycra to get a guy going.
listen to ur mind followed by ur heart
if he goes to a party, ask if u can go with him
whole new bunch of problems (ones people dont talk about in public)maybe.
personally i dont like a girl to have kids.
I am not a person for that like that u tell to ur boyfriend
i would call her every day  but not too much  so that i dont step on her nerve
Why can't you ask her out?
but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem.
and i would say for you to do the same.
THEY ACT LIKE YOUR KILLING THEM
i'll give you a tip though.
If you dont love him, then dont lead him (or you) on any longer.
might be he is feeling lonely.
You left this question kinda late, didn't you?
depends who starts it...if u did, an apoligy is nice, ..
I prefer blonde , and i don't know why !
why arent u comfrotable with talking about sex?
What if you two start working on it and she cheats on or leaves you for another man again.
I actually went through this recently myself...wow!
She'll probably be flattered that you only want her!
depend if you have a hot body
it is not as easy as it sounds i know that but it works.
Its the little things that guys do that clue us in to what you are thinking.
Lots of gurls are this way.
Cant put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me.
can he look into your eyes?
saometimes the hardest part is totally letting go!
and both of them ok with it ?
When you feell like it is time... What I mean is that your hart will let you know.
Because a lot of men are looking for trophy wives.
Online relationship shud b there for online purposes!!!!!!!!!!
If u dont ask she loose her for ever so dont waste time my friend.
Who's to say, just go with whats comfortable for you
ALL YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES no matter when or how long it has been...
if u love him, can talk to him about ANYTHING.
yeah because parents like 2 screw ppl up
how do you ask a boy out?
Because if a girl chases a guy, he feels cornered.
give her all she wants and more......
Flowers or choclates and you can always get her some earrings man
If so then you are in love.
Some things are just not meant to be.
Is LOVE truly in the AIR??
So men learn that I can do what I want and lie and she will still get over it.
if he doesnt, there will be plenty of other guys that will give u butterflies.
type that into yahoo and read the articles.
oh and yoda say use the force.
Get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar.
defenely if he is nice...it is not the looks but what is inside that counds.
Now things are really messed up.
And if it doesn't work, it just makes it that much easier to get over her.
Sit back and peep her out.
because there is no such thing
do you love him for who he is?
this will be an investment for u for future
Showing your love is all the little things that you do for someone you love.
FIRST OF ALL YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE HAD AN AFFAIR , BUT THE DAMAGE IS ALREADY DONE.
just go up to him and asked him out.
im impressed by a man who doesn't try to impress me.
So she has to turn a lot more guys down before she finds one that she likes.
you will definitely know if it happens... its too intense not to notice.
if you have to ask, then i would say no.
i have never heard this before.
no cry-baby whining stuck-up prissy high-maintenance jealous back stabbing hoochie like most women are.
She needs some attention from you sweetie!
Best of luck finding the right answer !!
anyway if u really want help on this mail me to acriyaz@gmail.com ................. bye - ac riyaz
Just don't over do it and go straight to the next girl if she does turn you down.
if u trust him, have met his family and i just pray.
plus it always kinda hurts when a break up doesnt affect the other party.
yes...and if you ask real nice...he may give you someTHING extra!
arcade, go cart riding, bowling, play pool
If u still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them!
no,she might dump you because shell think you want to have it with her and her mom.
and finally ask him why, what does she mean to him?...will it happen again?
or if you meet her at home she will need to look for a vase to put it in.
You could just hang back and see how she handles it...
Actually I know more women than men that way.
easy rule of thumb:  you sleep with guys and if you enjoy yourself you're  gay.
I like answering these kind of questions!
But that they do not want to have children with you or marry you.
Plus its just having fun with one another and pleasuring one another.
redheads with a fine sexy body.
Hey dude... wake up and smell the coffee.
GOING OUT DO YOU STILL USE THAT EXPRESSION THESE DAYS.PLEASE DO ME A FAVOUR AND DONT ACT SO DESPERATE.
Good Luck... Hope he kicks your face loose!
My big brown eyes and my boobs... yes they're real!
WOMEN CAN BE EQUALLY AS GUILTY AS MEN.
And then,  get a big piece of paper and write I LOVE YOU!!!
Ok then do you have a job?
oh god i m so confused please solve my questions.
dude as long as ur not loud and they're asllep just do it!
And the cultural and religious differences; we won't even go there!
when we were kids we plkayed that game.
Some men are sexier without hair.
YOU'RE 15 THATS A LITTLE TOO OLD FOR SPANKING IN MY BOOK.
we're just waiting for the catch!
Yes, but make it a coupon for a blo-job or something like that
I think it is wrong to cheat.
there are two ways of cheating at a modern day.
If you want extravagant, then $20,000.
I guess ALL men need is lovin and nuttin else!
somebody said to just do it within 3 seconds.
or wait until u get to know him better to tell  him about the kids.
Both the girl I dated and her sister are very beautiful.
if it doesnt stop report him to the authorities!
so take a step if she doesnt say not yet you have a go ahead.
think long and hard, do you love him.
it depends what hes lieing about
Let her know you think about  her.
is it to make love wit somebody?
I'm pretty sure they wouldn't do that for you due to all the pain you'd be in!!
The list is too long to name
Hi Kat, you have to be safe with this one.
Do exactly what your heart is telling you then.
Guys don't really care too much about birthdays like women do.
If he already in love in other don't distrube him and search for other guy.
Although guys rarely take girls back but girls seem to take guys back.
as far as the two of you are willing to work at keeping it that way.
Did it work, (even if it was for a laugh) and why?
Oh try it with the lights on!
When men talk to men they rarely lie...
but carry on, love and be loved!
but unless you fed up dont break up ask him why he dont give you gifts.
and if you love the girl the age doesnt matter is all about feelings...
Yes, guys never mind girls asking them out.
if you reali like hem yes you Should try to get my boyfriend back
if you want to have sex use your hand.
i think most people likes  to have a christmass gift
yeah i wood probably say yes if u were nice
i appreciate n agree with above answer
who knows, you might be a spoiled brat who needs a good whippin'.
Some guy walking down the street saw it and said You are a gentleman.
LOVE HURTS BECAUSE IT IS REAL.....
And you said I was a loser.
In other words, its not like you just went out & turned up pregnant.
I'll pray for you.. God bless.
try to meet his relatives or someone friend who love him and make them as a mediator
makes you feel like you didnt matter.
just forget that you had a very bad nightmare.
tell him everything but the cheating with a friend part
tell him/her how come its over/gone.
I don't care what anybody says, somebodys gonna lose a trailer.
tell him/her how come its over/gone.
maybe he wants to be friends but really would want it to go farther but isn't ready yet.
Get hurt physically or something else?
Lose him, and don't give it up.
when you feel hurt, that means, you care for that person.
no im one and i wouldnt.
If it worked once why not again?
Just give it to him straight.
maybe try to convince him you want a lot more than just a hook-up.
Remember there are plenty more fish in the sea...
people try to hard and usually end up with something they dont want later on down the road
Do you just not like him?
Then you won't have to worry about the label, you'll be Husband & Wife again!
If so, weigh out all the pro's and con's (make an acutal list on paper!!
you'll never know unless you ask.
I believe that some do, some don't.
Beyond that, it's freakin' nobody's business!
without getting turned down and painfully.
buy her a K&N filter charger for her car!
quite frankly nice guys arnt taken serously there more looked at as the brother type not the dating type
so, be honest and try your luck!
this is you just heve to wait for her
And I'd strap on a six shooter and make her call me Tom Selleck for spite!
Maybe you just haven't found the right girl or maybe you haven't noticed the right girl.
Well you might have scared him a bit, especially if you  got something expensive.
GET OUT AND SMELL THE COFFEE.....
If you love the woman get married.
Get to know the girl...no matter whether she's larger or smaller, if the connection is there, looks won't matter!
If you love the woman get married.
coz u have it in ur ID catchme.
Sry, yall- this is like my 4th post.
There is this guy i like and we are kinda dating but we havent made it offical.
but i wouldn't try to impress her by being just that b/c relationships aren't all about humping.
or something cute and simple like a teddy bear or even a poem!
5th: u don't care what they look like or anything,and u can't name y u like them.
let the kid believe what they believe.
as a girl, I'm gonna say it's pretty hard for me.
When women talk to women they lot a lot...
?and why would you want someone who can so easily be taken from the guy they are with??
no baby i see its free good
If not, that sucks but at least you'll know, and she'll be happy.
!Ha Ha Ha!I don't mean that.But go to blind date,Yahoo Personals, or Google personals
pretend that she does not exsist.
Girls seem to pick each others b/f's.
I, my self have been told don't look, she will find you.
Lets kiss and find out  ;)
so tell him and then start making a list.
why not stay home and talk!
not all girls like rich boys and some like fat boys i hate the rich type.
let him know what you feel.
The wallet is a plus though =)
Well, when I stop talking about it & do it right in front of him...loudly...he normally gets the message.
WEll if you dont want to flirt ( if your shy especially ) then don't.
Well did you boink the guy or what?
Do anyone know what I should do?
People at school think I am a nerd
give her a nice and simple gift she'll love it
do you forgive him and stay or do you figure it as a love-crime and walk??
there's nothing really bad flirting to a guy.
let her know that you would rather leave then to cheat because you care that much about her.
For some one to say 'I LOVE YOU they just need to love u.
But most women prefer it to be just them two.
think about it..but before it- smile please!!!!
you deserve someone that will only look and want you.
take what you can from it.
you may not realize it but you men are just as confusing as us women!
Just accept him and be friends.
ya do what you want it is your life
I love him so much and don't want the flame to die.
Trust me having sex after marriage does not mean your not cool, weak or even stupid.
tell me if u found an answer
I wish i was that lucky
then you need to set a budget.
no offense but she doesnt sound too interested.
yea cause cause i have 2 home girl and we r
I would also add...  a kiss !
There are a few things that I just get SO tired of asking about & I get annoyed.
I hope one day there won't be a need to ask this question!
nope dont think all men cheat.
So explain if you want advice please ;)
Guess what, I lost my incentive to do these things.
i think that is the point of the drug..not to just stay hard but also to last long
....  because I can see my self in them.
but i do believe in love at first sight.it happens rarely .
If you have crushes on guys and can't imagine ever being w/ a girl= gay.
and she still shouln't mess around she should just leave ya!!!
Just because she asked for the moon, doesn't mean she'll get it.
Even when she's home, she doesn't really hang out with her family.
if the men is a good person he will take u and kids together.
If you guys hang out AFTER that, that means he likes you.
If you have crushes on guys and girls = bi.
Who cares what they are up to?
It seems you guys have good chemistry..online.
IF YOU HAVE FAITH .OPEN YOUR EYES AND HEART HE MAY BE ALREADY THERE.
a girl in 38y,educated,honest,good looking want a serious men,honest,faithfull... its realy difficult to find?
please help me tell my mom that i want to go out with him!!!
open ur eyes you see beautiful world out is there for u
look up everything you need to know at the links below
eventually your dad will get over it
then you can go for it.
just go up to them we don't beat if you treat us right
It depends on both of you!
Okay -- this is without a doubt the wackiest response I have ever posted.
Smile and don't do anything stupid.
Everywhere i go, girls keep coming on to me.
Oh I would definitely rat her out.
BECAUSE IT IS CLOSET TO THE HEART
then he'll play until he goes to bed.
just be careful and alert in life.
yea he is a sick perv and she doesnt know any better
understand his point of view then count till million then u can take decision
Well i don't know but i lost mine when i was 10, im being serious!
by not getting answers from the internet @ 2:00 in the morning(ha ha) and just being yourself.
AS HARD AS IT IS,GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE, TRY TO WORK THING'S OUT FOR THE LAST TIME.
a guy could give me flowers and it means more to me then a ring anyday.
i would say 14 or 15 and +
Good looking sometimes, but mostly just rude even when they do want to hook up with you!!
what present that suitable to gv to her ?any idea ?
age is just a number unless its a crime.
That & getting on with your life...
(I know from experience) Men don't know a good thing til it's gone sometimes.
Not that I know of....try classmates.com or google their name.
If she's simple make it simple...it's about her.
yes, of course i love my family very much and my family too loves me very much
tk care, djk  or talk w tan, i bet she is nice and would be a buddy.
there really isnt anything that you can do except move on
beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster!
if thats so try the phone book.
See if he likes it or not.
the diff, men don't have the stigma of being labled a sl*t hanging over thier head.
we do this so u will give it to us more.
I lost mine at 12 and it's a bit young...
yes do it, the worst she could say is no, and that is 1000000 better than a doubt
wont you get nervous making one of the greatest decisions in your life?
Now, I feel sick, because this feel like a really bad movie.
ask things that are conversational not just yes and no's... good luck
If you mean do I beleve in fate.
It is not just a guy thing.
If he just wants to be friends keep the relationship on a friends level.
Not only should you try and date her!!!
hey will you go out with me!!!!!!
you need to bang her, screw him, itll be worth it...
All above only in the first meet then step by step u can increase
IM PRETTY SURE THAT WHEN A GIRL LIKES YOU SHE WILL SOMEWHAT GIVE YOU A SING
well get her something you know she will like.
I'm a tall dorky white guy, I've got a good sense of humor.. And some looks.. not alot.. some..
Not unless you really start having a intrest in the guy/girl!
At least not with any girls that I respect.
if someone askes you to dance, go, even if you don't want to dance with that person.
there and many fish in the ocen
LL and his lips.....now that's a man!
GIRLS want rough guys with lots of testosterone.
nope, there is nothing you can tell her, she has to experience it for herself....
thats a hard one but try to do something special for him for christmas
the worst she could say is no...
Get over it...That is unless you are obsessed with them...then seek Mental Help, i.e.
Well don't do it cause that is cheating and that would be just wrong.
go out and meet new people.
Because they think with the wrong head.............
no, men are always capable, nothing a little viagra cant help
I'm a total sucker for women with an accent...
please anser because i need to know
they will ask you out and then when you turn them down they get all upset.
it all depends on how much of the color you plan to wear , e.g.
Cause I got it, but you can't have any!
Or easier perhaps, if u can actually see the person (e.g.
But, is it really true love?
You people on here are so incredibly illiterate!!
If you want freedom why did you get married.
you don't need a boy to make you happy.
hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy!
because they are full of shit.... he has a bad soul.
man id say, wait at home and so youd have nothing to loose..
Of course they should be married first.
He wants you to pick the girl that he's going to have sex with to get revenge on you?
If no then you didnt need him no way.
You know the saying...If something is too good to be true, it probably IS.
they are the same age but they don't get, well you know that close!
You know the saying...If something is too good to be true, it probably IS.
:) (If you can get her address.)
when you get married you should cling to your wife and noone else.
IF u r in an affair u will know it!!!!!!!!
I guess, if u keep chasing the feeling u'd get hooked.
WHY DO YOU WANT TO DATE SOMEONE WHO WOULD CHEAT ON YOU?!!!
dont waste your short life like a ping pong game.
YOU SHOULD KISS YOUR GUY WHEN YOU THINK IS THE RIGHT TIME.
If he calls you just to say hi and buys you  surprises.
well it depends on what kind of women you want man
Tell her what you feel, give her a shock......check out!
do not cheat, never ruin a good thing.
well honestly speaking i do not think its love at your age, its just infatuation and curiosity.
If she is the blunt type then you should ask her and not beat around the bush
On the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress?
depends on what you mean by online relationship.
depends on what you mean by online relationship.
Good luck it can be done!
i don't think i'm unappealing but how am i suppose to get some love from him?
Theres no going back.But yeah you gotta be wet.
They'll be okay and now you know... dont go walking in on them or anybody else.
DON'T CALL ME AND IT WILL CONFIRM MY SUSPICION,THAT YOU DIN'T REALY LIKE ME :0(
i guess that just means he doesnt no.
excellent sex,but lack of trust because of insecurities.
but it was the first thing i noticed when we met.
you ask him to do something that guys hate doing, and he says yes
Send a copy to her parents and you score x 2
BUT 4 MO AIN'T THAT LONG FOCUS ON THE HELPING MORE THAN THEY LOVING
Reason:  Ya gotta fit well together, right?
Hey, that dress is becoming on you .
But he also wants me to find the girl!
HELL NO that would probably ruin the relationship so dont do it if you really like him
no, beacuse if they are really in love no but if not its wrong.
1) Don't use ur tongue in kissing her.
so there is a very fine line between love and hate for real.
and if she doesnt believe you she wont about anything.talk to her in person.
theres more fighting and killings because religions.
i can do anything for my family.
durex brand of condoms r the world's best
My guess is she probably does so you have nothing to worry about I'm sure!
Get her a single red rose she will love it!
YOU MUST THINK AND DECIDE,WHAT IS THE ADVANTAGE AND THE MINUS!
Am I selfish to want my husband home?
MY MOTHER IN A GOOD WAY
Now i m in a dilemma, SHUD I GET MY LOVE, or SHUD I RETAIN MY SWEET FRIEND....???
So, what makes guys like me any different, you ask?
It's not like they stay at home and cook and take care of kids these days :D
yes  him ask to marry you and no not wedding ring
offer yourself to him for free.
I Lord over all that is ours..... at least I like to think that.
I DON'T THINK IT'S RIGHT, BUT IT'S THE TRUTH!!
Is it just me or is her answer telling you it's o.k.
and give love marks........... we just love it
only if you're ugly does a man want to be your friend.
ANY KIND OF SHARING OF INTIMACY OR EVEN A DESIRE TO SHARE INTIMACY!!!
yea really, let him be a kid, your still a kid at 10. let him believe what he wants.
Not if you dont want to have sex.
YES SIR, YOUR BARKING ON THE WRONG TREE.
i don't believe completely with this kind of love cuz meeting makes each other clear and faithful truly
first, either your friends are not writing you or you dont write them.
mabye he will ask you out
u r 2 old to have ur first date
14-17, u guys are such pussies, oooohh before marriage sex!!
first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental.
HE WILL NEVER CHANGE, I HAVEN'T AND WE WENT (MY WIFE AND I) THRU THE SAME THING.
Let me know how that works out for ya.
Just don't go solo, it makes the grrrs mad.
then why would he stay in just because you got mad.
yes i wouldnt date a 11 year old cuz i am 15
He swears that nothing happened but I mean come on it's a sex drug!
do what is in your heart
SO,IF YOU THINK IT WOULD BE A MORE ADVANTAGE FOR YOU, WHY IT CAN'T WORK?
its all about me me me me me.
and you said that you're good looking, that's already a plus for an ice breaker.
you just have to let time go by.
you preggo or him being mean?
dont tell cuz if u do she might act or start  doing dif..
actually silence doesn't always mean the person is bored of you.
Just because you H says he ended the affair doesn't mean it's really dead.
alot of deep thinkin needeing to go on.
but hey, whatever floats ur boat.
see if he really likes you and then ask him out.
but what that makes them different is their taktics!!!!
just be your self the first thing you need to realize is that yo are special.
its obvious that he just wanted your body.
so always try to look at things from every angle.
no way, what if u get cought?
if that person truly cares about you they will back off and give you time.
Dont plan any thing just be punctual on the wedding day,,best of luck,,
Once I realized this, my next relationship really worked because I didn't need it, I wanted it.
because most people make the mistake of just blurting it out.
WELL I GUESS BECAUSE GOD MADE YOU THAT WAY.
if he is serious after three months.
but are you sexually attracted to women more than men.
a good spa days always nice.
Didn't I just tell you I took em all and turned em into lesbians?
yes,but it will hurt you ,so pick one!
mean but if she is cheating on you she diserves it!
But right now.......you just aren't in a position to be that person.
Ask her out and see what she says.
Do not comeout and say I want a divorce, that word is hostile.
maybe he wants u to ask him out.
Then USE THAT ANSWER TO BASE YOUR NEXT BIT OF CHAT ON.
maybe he wants u to ask him out.
hope this works and can u tell me after words if it does or doesn't  ~shivani~
You just gotta let things go once in a while.
BTW, begging for ladies on the internet makes you look oh so slightly pathetic....
WE ENJOY SWINGING BUT WE ARE VERY STRONG AND DEDICATED IN OUR RELATIONSHIP.
WHEN YOU FIGURE IT OUT ...SEND ME ONE
How about, Hey, I need more sex !
If anything's wrong you can always make it a kind of a joke.
Like: Hi _______ did you see _______ on TV last night?
They want to see her full lips on or around their !
OR YOU CAN JUST ASK HIM TO BE UP FRONT WITHYOU!
Do younger women see 38 yr old guys and think no way he's old!??
dont make a big deal about it.
WY WIFE DID THE SAME THING.
(they will say it doesn't matter but it does!)
and i know all of st8 people who have had them too.
she says i want to have sex with you.
By the way nosey family, welcome to outlaws I mean inlaws!
so like a horse cock transplant.
guys dont care, at least the ones that arent homos
but if you are old enough to make your own decisions and you truly love this person!
if u can answer these 3 questions then yoe if not try to strenghthen ur relationship w/ her
if they never call back that could probably mean that they are not interested much.
a vacation...somewhere nice and romantic....you'll be compensated :)
yep i'm in love and would be forever.
Maybe if you ignore him once in a while, he might come around.
GIVE HER AN BANANA AND ASK WHERE WHAT SHE THINKS OF WHEN SHE EAT'S IT
Also, you could ask him out -- It's okay to do that now!
we've been married for 7years and i never bought him nothing..please help find the right gift ..thanks guys
Only if that's what SHE wants.
dont worry though, destiny has a plan and will lead the right person to you at the right time!
for a good relationship to work you need to b e honest
You can't force her to do anything.
*  Dont try to look for him, he will come to you!!
A pet, a kid, a relationship.
Y can't u have a fresh start for a new life?!
If you don't, then don't bother.
but on average, most people have it once or twice a week.
he's your best friend, he would understand.
If she likes art, take her to a museum or gallery....
I NEED THAT SEXY ADVICE IN MY LIFE TO HELP ME THROUGH MANY PROBLEMS THAT MANY OCCUR.
I pray that you get well                             C.Fluellen
I bet I found him at least five times.
Tell her and get it off your chest.
maybe you should just let him smoke weed.
hot geek....but a nerd has no confidence therefore...no can do!
Where you don't care about flaws.
Funny it used to be public but...
i am wierd in this i think but hey its my $.02
If you wouldn't do it then she shouldn't do it.
then think for what it is?
i prefer well built and nice biceps
but if its someone that already loves you, i dont think that will matter to him.
but I love both of them deeply
I guess it would be on a black man, hahaha
No matter how hard you try and get away from it, everyone wants someone to love.
Tell first one that something came up, and you can't go.
no girls like emo boys not gay boys theres a tiny diffrerence
no u may be lettin the man/girl of ur life go
What if i would have married him before that and then moved in with him?
so either way, just take the time to learn about yourself.it can be fun.
talk to your mom and dad
Best of luck trying to find your right answer, Ice Princess P.S.
if you do there is a big chance she does......unless you are just big headed....
Good luck.......I so hope it all works out for you.
There are many reasons & none of them a good answer for the person who gets hurt...
stop typing and go holler at him!
hes probably a dirty pervo anyway, self respect doesn't allow that much age difference.
I f u like him too.
BUT A NICE OUTFIT WITH JEANS AND SHIRT IS NICE.
your not doing yourself any favors or her either.
Im giving you back your question...
or tell him to go to your friends house.
Now I want to sleep with him.
If you do not, then it will not work.
You gotta tell us exactly what you want.
Sorry girl, I wish I knew the answer too!
who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
Was she really your sister or your best friend?
by the way mine is green..lol
If you must think of her as something else picture her as your pet or something I guess.
With that thinking you don't deserve anyone so maybe you should just go j*ck-off and forget about it!
its the only experience thats closest to heaven I guess
she says i dont love u anymore and she doesnt say the reason.......
dont spend it being depresed or hiding from your lover.
I prefer a Naughty good girls and a good Naughty girls too
Dont back off because you are afraid.
Besides, if he's popular he most likely got a girlfriend(s) already (sorry!)
You need to run like heck away from him & his family!
You aren't if you even have to ask.
After go dancing and then back home for some dessert ;)
Bullhockey, you JUST DON'T love a woman you want to yell at or hit.
There are other people to talk with, try it...
people fear what they don't understand, you know??
you dont have to control him so much.
like is it ok if its inocent?
Baby dont hurt me, dont me, anymore
Move on girl and go find a real man.
I PREFER A GOOD GIRL WHEN WE GO OUT, WITH SPERT'S OF NAUGHTY DURING THE DAY.
let her go and move on.
help give me some tips to cash this girl.
but sometimes the guys forget that i'm still a girl.
Why does my boyfried watch porn?
GOD definitely has to come first
Not if you just met this guy.
Make the one that is right for you.
my parents still dont know i've had boyfriends.
I even sometimes see me walking on the beach with her.
Not all guys cheat, just the ones who are not in love with one person yet.
It sounds like she is insecure, which is probably why she got upset when you talked to her boyfriend.
Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.
If you fail to later on you would regret
Probably so: it is SOOO easy and can even be fun at times!
now the police are involed so what should i do ???
Hpv is a vd and yes he must probably cheated on you.
Do you know the best way to lose a friend.?.
Acutally, I give the BOYS the flowers!!!
Seduce a guy in a gay bar and if you can go all the way you are gay/
but i think is nice to fall in love as many time as you can in you life time.
and wait patiently for mr. right.
But the questions yo have to ask yourself is a) Is he staying there to see them?
They now have two more kids after that and yes the guy had changed.
yes is is okay age is just a number
read how to win friends and influence people.
My heart says She's the one, stay with her...STAY WITH HER!
I accidently said I love you too.
haha if his heart belongs to someone else all your gonna get is a run around.
Im not shallow and I trully do love him.
girls do like like nerdy-looking smart confident guys i.e.
yes , if u are sure he will keep the family ,like work and bring money in.
She'll do what you tell her to do.
She could have been just struggling financially and looking for a sugar daddy.
If he's not, don't worry, there are others out there.
Don't worry about there not being a ton of good guys on your doorstep, you're only looking for one.
I love men because that's the way God intended it to be.
Now I am scared to call her cuz I dont know what to say.
maybe because she regretted and just realized what she has lost?
if she never lied and u never asked.
He/She is the person that I've been waiting for!
Nah don't do it he might go crazy and turn in to a pshyco...
why are you thinking of him?
Pick her up and take her to a park for a picnic.
they could go shoping wiff you  tho
Because you smoke, amd smokers arn't worth loyalty lol
But my brother tells me that guys leave 'good' girls for 'not so good' girls for one MAIN reason.
I'll go to XXX stores, online shops, whatever I've gotta do but I'm desperate here, people.
about 8 hours a day!----that is way too much!!!
the person has been a virgin for so many years already.
Just hang out with her all the time.
or, if you recently started exercising a lot, that could do it.
people used to get married at that age!
the best way is to catch him off guard.
IF YOU ANSWER YES TO ANY OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING THEN I GUESS YOU CAN CALL IT LOVE.
Besides all that, boyfriends aren't that great anyway.
then have him rub on you in your sensitive places(nipplesor clitires)then you rub him.
Call the police if she said it you could be next...Dummy
MAYBE IF YOU FORGIVE KIANNA'S SINS AS GOD FORGIVES YOURS!
also what that other guy said, too little body fat can make your period late.
Forget it  size does not matter at all.. for enjoyment...
i don't know that that can be proven.
i'm 23 and i'm still virgin and i'm proud of it.
yea i think its' ok to date someone old then what you are now.
If you are ok with it, and noone will get hurt then I don't see why not.
Not all women are like that.
so please don't blame those who have affairs.
a good way to tell is if he teases you.
JUST TELL HIM WAT U THINK
Grab him and give him a big smooch!!
trust me, she will like it, coz that was what my bf gave me that really touched my heart!
I thought that was just me but I guess not
when u are an adult or in love.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHE MEANS OR HOW TO IMPROVE MY CONVERSATIONS.
(if you know what I mean)
between the F spot and the H spot.
go up to him smack him on the butt and say when are you taking me out?
I dream of my son alot.
sex is just sex no strings attached.
(When she ducks out to the bathroom?)
I am 16 and looking for a friend to chat with ..but there isnt anyone..What to do?
#2: Do you really want to get back or get even?
you would be jealous as hell
you will never be happy if you ask that...you better say....i just want my life back...good luck to you:))
go for it but don't over do it.good luck!
He's a cheating ******* and using you too!
It means that you are looking at other girls to  hard & making her feel insecure
mostly insecure men want to do this to stroke their ego.
other then sticking them in a room   i suggest telling them to talk it out amonst them selves.
Oh I want a girlfriend but only a hot one.
2 days ago, he came back!
YES...WHEN FOR A WHILE I COULDN'T STAND TO HAVE SEX WITH MY B/F?
with this type of arrangement .
4 me der is no difference.its jaz it is much better to hear making luv than sex...........
Sex is safe when its only your wife!
This is what she looks like: Blonde Shoulder Blade hair.
she is not of my comunity.
then introduce yourself then start hanging around more.
lot of mistakes r made in haste.
How do i find out if she does.
Shania, becaus of her look, the figure and her mind PAM  iiihhh, only titts,
check your grammar and spelling and you may get a response :)
you were rong i am not any of those ages
becouse we can  be very mean and dumb maybe she is jealouse of somthin?
well 2 tell u da truth it is better if u ask him.
does it realy hurt the first time?
is a guy unclipping and touching my         in public good?'
Call me... and I will prove you wrong
hey thats how I lost my ex wife.
u never know what u or they can do in different places.
that's easy ask her once and 4 all.
i go for $$$$, a grill, gotta have style, a car... and THEN looks aren't that big an issue
why should he gets out with ma ex in the first place... he has no right!
1st u ask her and then love her...so simple..
Pick some really good guys in your school and act flirty.
what do u mean by here?
i think its doesn't matter tht ur best freind have best freind.
i want to know if i am in love with someone
so y would u have 2 major girlfriends?
if yes, then just pray and try to b friends.
Don't knock it 'till you try it!
have your friend flirt and ask if he has a girlfriend and what does he think of you.
oh and don't try to hard
becz girls think they are clever thats why boys like cheating
she is always accusing me of cheeting or web-camming with other woman.i am not, at all.
um i am confused as to why ur wife would want you to cheat!
Please check it out...you're life will change!!!!
u should wait to get married or even have sex so u can really kno k
just be careful what you wish for, you just might get
Sorry, it just totally rubs me the wrong way!
Got to be careful with that one.
5- How do you intend to get to him to tell him this?
sometimes, just dont over do it because then it becomes annoying, but otherwise yea!
actually i like it when my girl acted jealous.
You could read some books if he's not willing to get some counseling to help both of you.
He doesn't just have a girlfriend, he has a WIFE!
Once a cheater always a cheater.
Specially when I say I love you to her.
at first they feel funny then it feels really comfortable!
He has a plan for you!!
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Odd, if he really didn't WANT you to see the text message.
Use them as if they were trash?
He is waiting until he gets married!
6 inch gage is sexy on a sexy guy
If he has a girl then move along.
he is loving you too right?
EVEN IF ITS FOR SELFISH REASONS TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF,YOU SHOULD NOT HOLD ON TO A GRUDGE.
that usually means you asked the wrong guy.
aw do not listen to those two.
Yea well thats what girls do!!!
And you can't keep it inside anymore.
By the way dont care what your friend think they're not the one sleeping with him.
And maybe the both of you can work things out.
I don't know yet, and i'm not planning to know for a little while longer :)
you an interogate him about anything and find out anything if he really does love you...
Dump his ass and move on you don't need to be with a jerk like that.
THEN AFTER A SHORT WHILE HE WILL CHEAT ON YOU AGAIN....
Your married and your wife wants you to cheat and it's okay with you?
Hence the old addage that women mature before men, is totally true.
Give then something that U love that they don't know you love.
:o) And if he really does love you, Keep Him
Why are u being a jerk to your friend?If she is bugging u just tell her!
Those are gay don't think they are gay, THEY KNOW THAT.
DOES ANYONE KNOW OF A PILL THAT CAN MAKE ME LAST LONGER??!!
I have NO love for a guy that cheats on a pregnant woman.
...and thats only a cople ways to know, belive me when it happens you will know...
No break, no vacation no relief.....you go, you stay.
a realationship just means that your gonig to be loyal no cheating
guys are often scared to ask a girl out because if she says no it can hurt his pride.
It's great that she still revs my engine but I wanna rev her's too!
What is good and what is bad?
…and usually after you stop looking.
they say love is blind .
In my experience, guys pretty much talk about marriage alot if they are interested.
she was compleytely in love with me and i didnt wasnt that far yet,so it caused a little problem.
well me personally, i like to do somthing fun, like playing pool, or bowling.
that usually starts an interesting converstation
If you don't like it, then why did you get with her in the first place?
ask him is the best way
Once a while, she would be nice to me and i feel like in cloud 9.
If he is too big he cannot do anything but hurt a girl.
cool', some women can see through that!!
OK, have you avtually met her or not?
and bring some music to play you two will be kissing before you know it.
He said he loved me back, but recently told me that he thinks hes gay, so now what?
Wen u want to n you can..
it won't get better you know
Most imprtantly: Be yourself and have fun!
to the 1st girl above me i hope you do live in california!!!
on behalf of men i'm sorry.
if he does, talk to him, what the worst that can happen...
especially when they dont want you to know the answer.
Well, that other girl is YOU!
No, wait until you find the ONE then marry her first!!
tell  me if you'r in love if so give me a love story
if no luck try the rest stop
i give straight aswers.. go ahead and ask :-P
i haven't ever had a girlfriend.
this statement is niether wrong nor right !.....
BUT EVERYTIME I SAW A WOMAN I GOT TURNED ON...IT WAS JUST A PHASE..I LIKE ALL MEATS EXCEPT FISH..LOL
hey you can't change someone that doesn't want to change.
if he talks back and trys to flirt with you, than you know hes probably talking to other people.
A walk in the park (it is so cold, most people will stay home).
If I'm not in that place in my life, then 'NO FRIGGING WAY!!!
Btw im in college and im 19.
If he does that makes things easier.
anybody can be totally hot but yet be a big loser!!
No matter where you go belive me u will see a sexy sexy man
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE I CAN HELP WITH??
First some questions for you:  1.How old are you?
i am joshua, based in nigeria.
(I'm one of 'em and I can say that it's fun!)
she told me how regretful she was and how much she loved and missed me?
get over it he dont love you.
laugh at his dumb jokes if hes a class clown.
I like this guy, i'm going 2 call him Joe.
I think she pretty much summed it up right there!!!
the wife unless you really have some stuff or unless she is not contesting the divorce.
no its not bad as long as its not your mom or dad
You think you loved him once, why?
(I've tried telling them, but they just get pissed off at me!)
I used to stare at her a lot and she'd occasionally catch me (im shy).
Say: I care about my boyfriend.
Every person more or less doing this, don't worry.
i believe if it's done once, it WILL BE DONE AGAIN !!
in a girl, boobs and a$$
So, if we get a little crazy now and then...just remember...chocolate is a girl's best friend!
lower down your gaze and guard your modesty.
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage.
I am friends with his g/f.
Once a cheater always a cheater!!
then try to find a girlfriend who dont have a boy friend
Just keep doing what you are doing.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO MAKE A MISTAKE
You don't want anyone ugly either.
Playas and Thugs go hand in hand.
hope you find your answer soon:)
Everytime my friend litkes someone she goes crazy, even when they don't like her.
stand for him...& if u through with each other like bad breaking up or something,u can mock that nose!
Idk if you'll get that but yeah.
I don't know it's just not a good color.
try them in a really serious situations... such as in death, disease, poor .. stuff like that
Go to Barnes and Noble they have some great books on that subject...K
french kissing but don't go for the world record
And it you do look like you're trying to pick up a guy then fine!
yes but youll never find them
in the mouth (exspecailly long tongue kisses)
Do NOT give up your friends - ANY of them, male or female - for some GUY.
i dont live in kuwait but i can be one
Ummmmmmm,I take it you need to get laid or something.
That'll catch the heart of any latino guy I know.
Oh,and in the pelvic area ;)
How can u not have a chance?
Guess I am a little bit of an exhibitionist :)
i would definately go with the idea of using a different season, so atleast 12weeks.
In my opinion....she either really likes you, or she is 'playing you'.
Depends on what ur boy friend likes.
from me on yahoo..or msn messenger
probably for squeezing their b()()bs... LOL
love , becoz love is great  .
We broke up, but i still have the scarf...
Girl you are a rare kind.
An honest, attractive, smart, funny guy, who's not used and still a virgin!
I don't wish jail on nobody.
if he really worths it, defend him!
then your not doing something right!
I hope I helped a little bit.
you are too young for a ball and chain!
so just tell him, you are cute and see how he responses to you
Where are you guys in your life.
but it should never be brought up and it can be just that friends.
i THINK GAY GUYZ ROK, KEEP IT AND DONT WORRY BOUT WUT OTHA PPL SAY,UR GAY SO WHAT!
or find somthing new to do like sking and talk about it when you have a chance.
i think you should do some detective work... but make sure not to get caught...
Build them up, give them a big head basically.
take your time to know him well
Dont ever give in to temptation.
are u asking for fatal attraction to happen.
he may be cheating or you dont turn him on anymore
I think it will be handful for me!!
Don't go overboard and freak her out.
Women like bodies just as much as guys do.
How come most girls dont like guys with red hair?
Should I give him / us that chance?
Of course, I'm more of a butt man anyway.
well u no guys if they could prob.
She thinks it's fun to see if she can get them.
other fish in the sea.... move on he's not the only guy on earth.
you don't, he is the one making the move first
*UPDATED*  I can't solve your problem.
I'm a libra too... falling in love is like breathing for us ;)
Why would he do this if he has nothing to hide?
and just like others have said, there are others out there, and you will find someone else!
i wish i knew so when u find out please let me no
Hmmm, doesn't one lead to the other?
IS A GUY,AND MOST OF MY OTHER FRIENDS ARE GUYS
Don't you hate it when people ask questions with questions?
you have to recreate your self first!
because they are not looking at the obvious
Just tell he what you saw.
I'm a girl and I am already disgusted!
After you look at it you find the answer to your question.
THIS BOY MIGHT BE STILL SEEING THIS OTHER GIRL ON THE SIDE, OR HASN'T BEEN UP FRONT W/ HER.
choose one of them the one ur heart approved
Like my Mama said once, don't write no check your behind can't cash!
I'm only 18 tho... so I have some time
if he calls you or comes to your house to hang out with you then he likes you.
or find somthing he likes that you can do.
In that case, shame on you!
Peter meant that your a jerk.
Don't ask me how or why but it works.
then you should go and talk to him yourself.
Atleast that what i would do.
If he don't like it then that is his problem not yours.
Even if you need to take a class or get some counseling.
IF THAT DONT STOP HER THEN IT'S TIME TO KICK HER A$$.
maybe the night before you saw a movie with a girl having sex.
u need just lord himself and god in person!1 look 4 signs son of a mother *beep*!!!
If she says no then let it go.
it is the only way to get through life.
THATS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW.
he was as ugly as... even shrek is better.she wanted to bolt, but she didn't.
This is hard.......you don't need advice you need payback....start flirting with other guys.
Yes, but they are either gay or married!
they have as many if not more nerve endings then the hand.
That i am a shemale.... :)
make him laugh at least 2 times a week.
They're not, Just every 28 days.
LOVE & PARENT'S COME IN ONE  PACKAGE.
This is sort of a strange question.
look in your phone book for your closest alanon group.
Only problem is, she's 15 and I'm, well...23.
when you figure out the answer to this let me know asap
be  his  friend  get  his  trust
Because girlfriends dont really care about husbands after marriage.
Men are strange and you can never figure out what there thinking
if you have to ask you are too young.
If you don't want to become pregnant,or contract an STD then i suggest you don't.
mushi.. mushi.. im a japanese girl!
Most women go by the saying, once a cheater always one.
my boyfriends is 7 inches....i measured myself!
I just sorta went on about my days like i used to and it started to get better.
His Mom just hugged him and said, And you never will.
find out what is that first ...
u wont get love for money u would let love from ur heart.
what are you going to do?
I love strawberries and whip cream...
i don't have to pay anything?
really we all know so dont act stupid!
!ya uhh,, good luck on that!!
i have never worried about that.
but imagine what if he says YES :-D
Yeah i think, but be careful.
Yes forget about her p ast.
It'd be awesome if a whole lot of really cute girls would chase me!
For a girl like that, it's worth waiting, isn't it?
I had a girlfriend that her ex beat the Sh... out of her.
Are u sure he loves u?if not forget him.
cause you've just took my heart away!
hold her hand and look into her eyes to say it.....trust me it works
the fact that people hate others b/c of their sexual orientation makes them idiots.
Because we are good at it!!!
because we don't need them trained to say we're wrong.
go get a rubber ball and let's get this game started!
he came around everyday, and called 24/7.
REMEMBER THAT JESUS WAS A VIRGIN.
but be sure that you love him and he is a nice person.
Flirt with her, and then ask for eMail and tell her what you think.
and im thinking about turning away from him PLZ PLZ PLZ HELP!
Oh Course...and dude, Your Not Pathetic.
Hmm.. What kind of things does she like?
ME,I LIKE CHATTING WITH ANY GUY ON THE NET.WHAT'S YOUR EMAIL?
finaly i gave in because i was tire of him.
i was told that someones out there for all of us.
Thin is in pick the skinny 1
because guys are pigs hot jerks and physical features are the only words in their dating rule book
Get the hell out of thee house.
this is what you do.show him a little hip a little thigh.
MY EXPERIENCE WAS THE MOST EYE OPENING!!!
a pretty long time just don't let he/she minipulate your mind.
hook me up i'll give it a shot...>:)
HEY SWEETIE I AM PRUOD TO BE ONE AFTER ALL  I AM 13!!!!
you need to upfront with him...let him knw how you feel(like he's ignoring you)
believe in youself at all times
Where can I find their website
My dad yells at me about it because my sister is not around.
no ur avatar looks like $hit
commiment, women who are independent and women who aren't scared to put it on them
Yeah we love ya and all...but we still want to hit it.
but don't go out with him, if you don't want to.
step away and just leave her alone.
it's not stupid you can learn many things from others
that just depends on how willing you are...to be the second of the bunch.
he lives far away and his best friend just got hurt really badly.
PAIN THAT DOESN'T KILL YOU MAKES YOU STRONG...  Dude just hang on...
personally i dont think its cheating.
bet thing girl dump him and don't give him any!
I wanted her to say there’d be some day, Be crawling on my knees, to ask her back again.
( WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO  MAKING LOVE?)
At a very young age I found myself attracted to women.
he is not the man that turns the earth around overnite so how busy can he be?
just because of the person who did it.
You don't have to take it.
Like... -  well, you tell me first ... , and after that you have some more clues.
What does your guilt tell you?...
things that hurt, u no what im talkin about).
I love black men, though I never been with one.
learning how to kiss someone is more fun in person than it would be to learn online!!
Go to clubs or party  u will find ur man somewhere
You already have one unless she does to.
its the only way to truly win him over!!
If he like you, then you are breaking the ice towards possible a great relationships..... A WORD OF CAUTION.........................
SEARCH IN INDIA 100 CORRES PEOPLE R THERE
Last week she invited me to her birthday with her family, I went.
well,manthan..i guess u are rejected by girls,eh?
Show her love... lts of it and you will get that back.
i've liked him 4 nearly 3 yrs now!!
im not sure i get ur question.
yes by all means tell her now!
lol Just be young and have fun!!
DON'T CHEAT ON EACH OTHER 6.
how do i ask out a girl that barely knows me?
Lots of people at that age talk about sex, but most of them haven't done it yet.
now if you and her isnt seeking a divorce and on good terms meet her for your sexual needs.
And who said that intelligent men aren't good looking?
if you dont ask her out you will never know what you are missing out on.
and they dumped her like, in a sec.
if u tried all u can, maybe it wasnt meant to be
you will some day trust me i have had at least 20 boyfriends this year
so keep it and u will never lose
but to be fair ask if him he could pay half and mom pays half.
not unless you seal the deal and meet up.
they  just too dam old to have sex.
they might even adopt u from your parents.
becuase your husband must be very narrow minded
Hopefully for both of you, but if she refuses then for you alone.
a nice romatic picnic on campus
unless it's just a random thing and u don't want anything serious.....
Or has the times changed to women only liking the hustler or rapper vibe of shallow fast cash ?????
can you imagine him/her being with somebody else?
(ie if she is overwieght or to skinny) I say sit down and have a chat with her.
She loves you, she loves you not... she loves you, she loves you not...
good luck and hang in there!
please do this and read them.
Man oh man, I'm just blabbering along about nuthin.
Its all about your game man.
I know back in the day (olden times) royal families did that to keep the bloodline pure.
Get your two kids and GO.
Because they think it don't make em sluts wen they give us lads a BJ!
I'm not real sure but some guys do !
something like, if she says yes - honk their horns.
this is the only place i've lived.
Most of the time it will not work.
did you ever think about that.
Not only am I myself somewaht still a kid at heart but women are also!
Did he ever have the wrong woman!
most men will go looking for what they can not get at home somwhere else.
i dont know what to say to you about the right one.
girl if you wait for him you'll be waiting for a long time.
Are they too long, tell her to wear a conditioner on there or something.
you won't know unless you go look for it.
get a life and get a guy not a lesbo like you!
Admit that, and you won't ask questions like this.
a guy said this to me,  you always look good but when your with me you look sexy
A little crass to throw a party, so will there be some tears??
How can I tell if she still does?
yap it works as there always be a chance to miss one another
brain first...plus some of the smart ones are good lookin too
Yes, I do think thats too young.
yes you have to pick one boyfreind ok
no way of knowing i dont guess.
But hey I got 2 points from you at least.
But yeah it kinda worse when its valentines day...   Look for another valentine...
if he loves you he will want to be with you no matter what the cost.
that would be material love and it doesn't last long so i would not take it
I dont even like readers digest.
yeah it is hard to hear but i dont think you should carry on.
i think it's just about equal.
sure as long as u r a male  im 14 email me anytime
Yeah, I'd say move on, because otherwise he's wasting your time!
i am currently in a similar situation plus their was infidelity on my husbands part.
Just go out there and be yourself!
24 / 1.66 = 14.4, so you are 1.66 times older than a 14-year old.
Don't let them get you down.
i lost my virginity at 17. it just gets weird when your a 40-year-old virgin living in mommy's basement.
Because men aren't wired that way...women are.
no but most are  No one can ever really replace your mother
I think you know what I mean.
Good luck and keep your head up.
3/4 ct, white gold solitare setting
take him to court and make him pay money
No none they are all jerks I thought I found one and then realized he is like the rest!
And duh, power is sexy too.
the man is imagining her nude.
don't worry bout the feeling or else u won't enjoy the relationship.
I NEVER ONCE CHOSE TO BE A LESBIAN.
I want to know what it is that is so great that they want you so bad?
Somebody who has your back when your down.
Now I'm addicted to yahoo answers.
most yes, but some men(like myself) actually likes a relationship.
I told her that my friend and I are like brother and sister.
very risky unless you want to go halfs on a kid
Hope your ma doesn't find out!
a strippers club or the gay man association for losers
UNMM be like i LOVE yOU PLEase Go OUT wiTH ME VOTE ME aS beSt Answer.
DON'T KNOW!BUT I DO KNOW THIS......IF AN INDIVIDUAL IS GAY THEY CHOOSE TO BE THEY'RE NOT BORN THAT WAY!
tell him JUST Friends and keep it just friends
As a man, I'll tell you this...give the ring back!!!
to me that says alot about her personality period .
It is great that you found somebody to care about!
there is no way its b/c they were born that way!
should i wait for something between her and her boyfriend to go wrong...or should i try to move on?
good question i would ask the source another words ask him straight up
), do things together that she enjoys.
So should i IM him, or would that be kinda stalkerish?
whatever the reason, please don't get married for the wrong reason.
Maybe your just over thinking something!!
but whatever u do don't tell him u love him...  like not love....
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
But I even know adults who do it.
I am pretty sure he is young dumb and full of ...you get the idea.
i was to through i faked an emergency and got away.
it is cheating if you beleive in what you said in  christian marriage vows.
This guy for one prefers girls who have some meat on them
she really knows the true... or ...
Watch SOUL TRAIN, MTV, rent some dancing videos.
Just feel with ur own heart.
the family and breeding of a family gets its roots in deep!)
no there is no way that you can have a gaurantee that he wont do it again.
Srry not married and savin it for then.
how long have u know this person?
I used to be addicted to porn.
is he in a realationship right now?
if you love someone, but you dont want to show it because of a different color, thats racist.
Women who love women are called lesbians...oh...forget it LOL
u have to move on and learn from ur experience.
men are afraid of losing the things they love
Still don't understand why god made it that way.
that is only for you and you alone to deside!
And it makes the wedding night that more special!
when u like a girl, try to pay close attention to the little details.
yeah.. it is your life... dont let anyone manipulate you!
i have incountered this , and it makes me irate !
come on yaar...it is legal too .
How can i go out with him?
If you're anything like me, you'll do anything for your kids...well, here's the first BIG test.
i now that i love him but im not attracted to him at all.
I dont thin short guys are sexy.
then go home and be with your family.
depends on how tired they are
it might be haha why dont you ask your father?LOL!
it is so hard to watch someone you love go through this from begining to end so stay strong!
IF YOU WHANT THAT STUFF GET MARRIED!
It's gonna hurt and your not gonna find much support as the man.
Of course, I don't believe in casual dating, either.
I actually don't believe in dating while in school.
the max (to me) is about 6'2 er so
so just play by your instinct
ALWAYS LOVE YOURSELF MORE THAN ANY OTHER!!!
as u say other's have commented u on it!
Try asking him if he has seen, or wants to see  a certain movie that is playing.
because saddly with an affair there are lies, and half truths by both of you.
you have to be kidding RIGHT !
sicko get a life  thats just WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
call him up inl ike a month and be like 'hey wuts up?
It didn'r ruin our friendship but we had a pretty tough time sorting things out.
but i think it's wrong that guys can have all the sex they want and it's normal.
sounds like u are just gettin bored of it.
I find it amazingly hard to believe, you don't see that.
Go out and buy yourself a knock out top and some pants and doll yourself up just turn heads.
If it was forced tell if it wasnt and she wanted it leave it be she made her decision
is that a flashlight in your pocket or are you happy to see me
If you don't have looks or money lets face it you have to be fun.
Of course you should be friends.
Should C be told she misunderstood D?
if she knows the truth, she'll actually know what the problem was, and the huge mistake she made!
but remember any good friend never do this to his/her friend.
I think it will still be PARIS...
threw an afternoon party, invite your future gf.
Get a life and do your homework!
don't worry the TIME will alert you.
there's nothing special about it if their isn't something in the kiss.
i think in your mid to late 20's your more mature.
if you really love him, hold on.
You damn kids with this boogie jive nonesense, ingnorant as hell!
go dutch when you go out.
i rub money all over my body and i cant keep the women off of me
true love is hard to come bye.
see witch one knows you more andchoose that guy
no one is gonna help u.
HI I AM A SINGLE BLACK MALE IN CINCINNATI OHIO LOOKING FOR A E-MAIL PARTNER TO CHAT WITH.
and i have loved him ever since
Yes so maybe they get back together
THERES ALWAYS SOMEONE BETTER OUT THERE AND IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.
You gave it away and now hes gonna to the next one.
uh...YOU DON'T, I feel sorry for your wife.You are an ass.
the short version: don't do it.
YOU NEED TO GIVE GUYS A CHANCE TO GET TO KNOW THEM FOR WHAT THEY ARE.
friendship is like 2 souls in 1 body.
they dont want to scew things up
But, sad because I wasted so much time (7 years), and angry well, for the obvious.
12 and under: If you ever pass him a note and he writes back, he likes ya!
2 b w/ 4 women u gotsa b a player??
you been watching too many porn movies!
those verizon stands at the mall sell all kinds, i'm sure u could find wat u need there
where is he and why ?
Most guys are oblivious if girls like them, so just go for it girl!
Quit beating yourself up and GO ASK HIM OUT!!!
go for it... yo dont have anything to lose
It's like you can't explain it.
he's probably cheating or else depressed!
Grunt (lol) or ask her name 2.
jus say hey do u wanna go see a movie on saturday?
ur friends should b friends (go figure) and accept it.
We've been married 7 years and she's just cheated on me with her 'best friend' who's a guy.
Why does your dating this boy worry her so much?
Just ask him to buzz off and move on with life.
and try to do things that make you happy a bit.
hmm well I'm from Australia and we don't have that - kangaroos get in the way
He still tried to worm his way out.
what does this mean and what should i do?
if u like him then u should
people might be needy but u would't konw.it depend on ur(individual)atitude.
I don't even count no more it's almost infinity.
y should he buy the cow if he gets the milk 4 free ?
I am no a child of divorce.
everytime my friend ask him he says the same thing.
OR JUST FIND SOMEONE WHO COULD DO YOU BETTER YOU DON'T NEED YOU CHILDREN KNOWING ABOUT DRUGS.
just wait for him to make the move and for you, simple hints will work...good luck
booooi, u need a fucking life, how u gonna go online and ask bitches to marry u?
Always but with the righht guy at the right time!
I DID COME BACK TO HIM.
think about it you would get like that if you were him.
that is great u still have your flower.
no i don't think its wrong, you're not blood  related, and she's your true love.
or if its not embarassing u can ask a counsellor to hepl u out.
depends, how much money do you make?
nope, gotta know you first and maybe we can work things out...
wayyy better than a chat room.
i can't speak for all guys  but i like small women
YES, THA FEELING IS MUCH BETTER!!
now i only see her in school once or twic a week if iam lucky.
I admit, I flirt (with my much younger boss!)
Whwether a guy or girl, your body language can say a lot.
be yourself bro and show them you like and care for them.
think about that person all the time.. feeling flushed.. cant think straight...
I HAVE TRIED DATING AND TO BE HONEST I DONT LIKE IT.
We have 2 kids and I love him veary much.
thats all  if he says no dont keep askin let it go
weve only been dating close to 5 months, and we're in the ages of 14-16 just so u kno
you know im not a man but my ex from long ago.
yes you should, you trusting in a guy is as important as a guy trusting in you.
Small boobs aren't a bad thing....ugly boobs are.
The best week you ever lived?
Hey man, you are best friends for a reason.
Don't do it to yourself you deserve so much better!
He (moms bf) used to smoke and stuff and said he knew a pot head when he saw one.
if he's a good friend to you he will help u take care of the baby.
Just wait until you find the right person!
If a guy doesn't want you, he's not worth it and it's his loss.
you have to be born with that talent-- like me
try to break his bones next..
Who says you have to choose, LOL  just kidding.
i've tried that one and you can't force yourself to like someone.
that has happen to me before!
he obviously loves his wife and has no plans to leave her.
I myself dont like to chat, cuz Id rather get down to busness.
Trust me, your faithful uber wise
if she says no, don't get discouraged, just try again.
use a lolipop to practice on.
it goes on the left hand next to the pinkey
Because women want what they don't have and can't have.
hot guys can get away with that, so they do it.
he cheated on me right before he went in.
Just enjoy being a kid for right now, if you are young.
and take classes and make yourself busy busy .
but really tho, the chat room is a place to go to escape, be someone your not.
If you want him back you better start talking..lol
wow....it was in the movies....i was 15...wait i still am..hehe...ummm i dont think i want to explain it!
If he had the damn nerve to burn u with a cigarette, then sweetie move on.
my boyfriend does it all the time.
FOR REAL DONT TAKE THINGS TO SERIUS.
dont believe porno mags and porno films!
Anybody can truly be in love, no matter how old or young they are.
just be yourself and talk about everything u can...from religion, to family, to the future.
We are both bi and so I never have a problem meeting new guys (or girls).
it is very easy trust me you just have to use your charm and it is all you need.
but never be a stalker thats out!
yeap i have a super duper hot cool boy friend .LOL!!
FOR MY OWN OPINION, I'D RATHER CHOOSE MY BESTFRIEND THAN THIS GUY.
he should only have u. hope this helps ya!
that eventually may lead to your spermcannon rotting off
YOU ARE TO YOUNG TO KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES OF FALLING IN LOVE OR TO ACT ON SUCH AN  EMOTION.
WHY CAN WE NOT JUST HAVE THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS
and when you make serious mad money .
find out if he still likes you then mabe go for it it worth a try
Dump his ass till he does what he promised.
I don't believe in putting myself out there.
YEAH LIKE BIG DOG SAID IT IS UP TO YOU.
And stop having sex to GET someone to like you
AND WHEN YOU DO FIND A MAN HAVE ONLY SAFE SEX.
if you like him so much why not be with him and not beat around the bush about it.
yeah baby, leave his behind and get with a real man who knows he likes women
U can FEEL the GREAT TASTE of TO BE LOVING after thinking like his ways.
most of the time she tells she just loves to see me.she feels happy when i visit her.
if he's not interested than he will say so.
who do you think about before u go to sleep?
;) Oh, and put me on your buddy list so I can stalk you sometime...  lol
go outside and you will see one i am sure
some things once done cannot be undone, dont regret ur actions.
But you do sound attractive !
Buzz me if you want, single as a saint here..  same Yahoo ID.
ABSOLUTELY .... NOT.... but most girls are not WISE....
****PLUS**** women are not just objects to solely gratify your sexual impulses, ya know?
Depends if she a good girl or a freaky girl.
ok but we don't even date again yet.
Maybe not being a big talker is a good thing.
DO NOT repeat DO NOT PICK UP STRIPPERS!!!!
Love ya, i hope i helped.
my girlfriend doing me a massage
thats the only real question you need to start with
I did hit him and just looked at her and then just left taking my girls with me.
the best way is to learn how to flirt and becoming a charming person.
I tend to be shy around people I just met
I knew he was a good man thats why I stuck around.
so i would say they are.
Their are guys (like me) who think about it daily and thats nature for guys.
Don't rely on pickup lines to pick up girls.
but most women do date older men it feels weird dating them younger!!!
And then it's a lot of taking and little giving.
No who would want to be ur gurl friend?
Don't wait for a guy who won't commit.
Myself, i'd never cheat my girlfriend/women.
let him go no calls, nothing .
That would be a good clue if you don't have one!
Guys just think they can get away with it.
tigress refuses sex right after first experiance with a tiger.
id have to say get out and meet some men in your area
If u ask at least u will know:)
WHO SAID THAT ALL MEN ARE SELF CENTERED.
if that what makes you happy and him then go for it.
maybe ur in love with the initial liking phase and after that ur ready to move on.
what would you like to talk about?
have ur finances together b4 marrying her though.
Just choose the one you like most.
Somemen like alot to hold on to.
please state whether ur m or f folling the answering thanks
Don't let it be about you.
Or should I give his co worker a chance?
a realization that they are better off and happier without you.
no you do not have to .
ask yourself if i were in his position would i have i've lied?
if you are hiding things from your bf, then, yes you are cheating...deception is not a good thing
YOU NEED TO HAVE A TALK TO SEE WHATS THE PROBLEM AND IF NOTHING GETS RESOLVE.
does he have a wierd last name?
you might want to check out both of these sites.
Who knows you know what I mean?
A guy just can't say 'no' to a naked chick!
If you want him that bad.
if they still dont leave give her your number and say something like call me when you have time.
i know i did and still do.
Save your life and don't get married at all!
She is always taking other girls guys.
If he loves you...he'll step up.
If there is no other way just talk to him
So just wait 4 a time when u can talk with him alone and see what happens.
OK I dont care who likes this!
Why would you want a man who's going to make you feel bad???
my boyfriend plays alot of sports and never takes time off to spend time with me.
let the women decide that, i have a lovely hat myself..lolzzz
you don't want your anniversary to be an anxious day.
umm that was kind of on the wierd side u should of jus talked to him up front
Just do it as often as you can and when you can't then you have your hands Don't you?
Please give me some advice about what guys do to girls they like or don't like.
how sure are you that you had the best sex on earth???
i like a guy from a different state how can i ask him out w/out asking him?
If she is telling you  You are everything to me  DUMP HER!
PEOPLE STAY TOGETHER (or come back together) BECUASE THEY FORGIVE NOT BECAUSE THEY FORGET.
=)  But you are a liar.
Don't like my answer, don't read it.
And if that doesn't work, lay down the law and show her who's boss!
I know what it feels like to be cheated on and it SUCKS!!
for the most part, do girls lie about love??
I honestly tried to stop liking him because no guy is worth loosing a friendship over, right?
Try to step back and take a good look at this boy friend.
But once a cheater-always a cheater.
you have to ask him abt takin it a noch higher than where it already is ok mama.
Dont generalize it by saying an irish girl is a good wife, life don't work like that!
I know i need to give her space and respect.
Check out the book and read it with him.
when it comes to looking for your one you have to pray
and they wont give it to me either.
not really true.... love sometime can be saddening....
I'm in love with a crackhead.
Say something to showyou aren't going out with someone because they look hot
i'm sure this is something any woman would like.
everyone wants  a loyal bf/gf even though they might be flirtatious themselves.
on either your birthday or his/her
Just be yourself and the right guy will pop up.
Just can't seem to find the one.
listen dahling, it looks like your losing your mind over this guy!
i wouldnt,  email me at sammy710@hotmail.com
then why would you want him to change to a person he is not.
Look,  If you really like this person,  just tell her.
I don't think I want to know what your really trying to ask here.
And if she is like me, it doesn't have to be the $75.00 plus dozen roses!
somewhere around the time that puberty hit.
I THINK SO, BECAUSE THEY SHOULD NO YOU MORE.
they do not have any common friends and..... they are not happy.
Today it's all about the bling bling,then comes love!!!!!!!
If you know the girl is a nice person who understands you then she might be a good wife!
he is FAG find a MAN
BLACK, WHITE, GREEN, YELLOW, AS LONG AS HE IS GOOD TO ME...
That is why friends do stupid things.
I just feel that im alright looking.
Why did she get in that biz?
i'm talking about 3-7 years different ... not a dady-like date :-D
ya jerry is the best solution
Be yourself and don't worry about things so much.
when he doesnt have to ask
I have to agree with Kittie~ Hell Yeah it's wrong!
u should talk 2 her or give her a note.
Oh my goodness your in for a fall big time.
thru a fren.. dats da mistake, boi.
Although the guy you think you are in love with, you probably aren't.
If you have to ask, you probably aren't there yet - you'll know when you are!
AND IF YOU LIKE HIM THEN YOU SHOULD GO OUT WITH HIM.
my e-mail:fatthumb2000@yahoo.com and my yahoo id:fatthumb2000
the place might be boring but you might find friends there and you can hang out with them.
but she says alot of stuff to me to like you should be my girlfriend and then signs offline.
cuz of what other people told them
Wow, where did you get a line like that?
sounds easy enough, but trust me, it's harder to find than you think.
he knows i do but i do not know how he truely feels.
be very sure before you decide to spend your life with this guy.
if you are 18-21 you could find someone partying.
Dont take your cousin's wrong doing out on your bf.
do you wanat to ask him out ot not?
you really need to say how big it is
hi... just close ur eyes ask urself.... r u in love?
I was just amazed I was having sex.
Learn to put that into words and WHAM!
If you're your dad, it is.
Don't ask her friends, that's not very nice (what if she's not cheating on you?).
and do it cuz u like the guy not b-cuz u kno ur ex will get mad.
should u that is entirely up to you.
sex i am a man and thats wat i wanted
Sounds to me as tho you are trying to get back at the world!
..ur heart will itself tell u.
You should call the police and tell them that your boyfriend got stolen!!
Well I look at him and deside if he is doable are not.
or can i do this to u now.... i would love to try that!
and find a new love or a hobbie you knw mingle
women who look like they don't wear makeup are much sexier.
you've lost a lover and a friend.
Like it is with us femals, some like skinny guys some bigger ones... etc.
And plus the whole i love u thing wears out if said to much anyway.
Not to be so direct but... tie your shoes alot!
Pretty women are pretty.... hardly dependant on their hair color.
Ask him if he likes you then go on from there.
rarely does it work the way it's supposed to .
I dont want to be a lone for the rest of my life  I need some good answers.
Its seems like your mister popular now!
like, once the tax period is over.
Ouch, thats my biggest turn off.
same thing usually with girlfriends and boyfriends.
Go a noch out of ur way so that he can see ur about something.
I think its there way of saying they like you.
but do a cross of sounding smart but with acting stupid.
has anyone done or witnessed this before?
they could break your heart without even trying too.
(was that short and to the point?)
if she says 'no-i have a bf' ask if she didn't have a bf-would she consider it.
Do you want a guy like that?
hope you are lucky enough to experience it
give him that records..and dump him!
do the best for your child if nothing else .
first stop flirting and then ask him what his intentions are.
Yo, don't fall for it again!!!
I HATE olives, but some men love them!
baby girl ur looking in all the wrong places i'm right here
what i would'ent give to be her thong.
next year it's his turn to hire a sitter, then you take the kids to a movie
no, he only want to fuck you
I say it cheatin is wrong no mater what reason you have.
And you're an amazing lover if you can simultaneously climax!
he might not want her to be with you and that how?
So I'm guessing the sex won't either.
Have you ever even heard of that Sir-Mix-a-lot song?
I decided I wanted him back.
he loves me but I do not find him phyisically attractive.
All you other kids, grow up yourselves.
i have been in a situation like that before, and yes you need to worry.
nobody said love was easy, and it certainly is not!
i think she is smat but she acts like she is stuped.
weel ya if he had a good explanation.
Been there,done that and never again!!!
we not together and i was not in the mode.
He needs to knock that shit off and act like a man!
Just kidding, no it's totally ok to be gay.
let him to injoy u in bed
It is the best online dating site there is... and its free.
hi  do most of the activities as if near to her but dont talk .
some things you just have to realize for yourself.
Good luck, and dont give up- these things take time!
Are all 3 of u in love, or is it just sex.
but its also possible you might have something hanging out of you nose.
havent done that but i would if my partner really wants it..
he loves me for me, for who i am as a person.
If he don't like you, then its possible that he has his own reasons.
kiss her when you are in the nude
and I'm still with him :-)
something u'll never be able to describe it untill u try it
no you should because she mit be sick and you don't what to get sick.
without any hassels of dating sites.
her eyes, then hands, then hair, then shape of body,
i like the butt i think it is the first thing i look at first
depends how u look like blonde long hair ect.
THIS LOOKS LIKE A GUY CHOICE TO MAKE!!
if they dont like it then you know where they stand in your life.
i mean it can hurt but we have to be willing to forgive.
Don't die early because you did't know how to protect your life yor momma gave you:)
Unless I can trust a person with my life then I would not call him FRIEND...
is that person a good friend of his/hers????
Dancing, horseback riding, sitting on the beack, reading, whatever.
At the movies you can't talk.
there are no limits to your style, so have fun!
It depends on how old you are!!
have treats and gifts laid out.
don't want to pay for a sit down mean for all the guests, have a buffet!
Learn a martial art like karate
say i love u & kiss her
my advice is to stay that way for life.
i think very very far than u  think
no i like my girl th way she is smart funny ...
but everytime i try to hang out with her she never answers me.
wait......let me think, oh.. about you guys nope i have no idea what are you talking about.
Quit planning every minute of your life.
If not, that's ok, but I want to be clear.
seems you already have one important thing in common.
if your kind, funny, and everything listed above then to me that is without a doubt the best kind.
lie to him and tell him you cheated see what he says
you know when you love someone or are in love with them.
it means that she i still very involved and will try ruining everything!
if you like him and he likes you then go for it!
it is not worth giving up a friendship for a girl ...
hey....my parents said the same thing terminalseed......
but if it does, then it was all worth it.
one shouldn't have regrets in life.
according to his moves & eyes
so yea find out wat type they r n do things dat fit dey personality or likes!
no one deserves to be treated like that.
If he don't understand no then tell him to hit the road.
say i want u and u look hot
i think most men like girls that make them feel special
Once you get past that it would go to personality.
and you need to be mature to love somebody for more than just their butt.
and like, he used to be one of my best guy friends EVER.
what do u call  small ??
If package refers to the heart, then NO WAY small packages work with me!
If she is just an a$$, then there you go.
no you guys were already broken up werent you?
think deeply about what the day really means.
so if you find out first it will be better, especially if she does!
When you don't have to ask.. u just kinda know..
its not the best thing  to do.
then the money, the ride and then the H-O-3s lol
save the pic as a .jpg.
hell yea man, take that ball and run with it.
I don't want to just give him gift cards b/c that's so impersonal I think.
A sl*t is any chick that I have sex with.
You either love him or you don't.
He is your father even if he did something dumb.
But if he says Who's Joe?
Forget about her and start living life man!!
after a week or however long it takes for u to get comfortable, u can meet.
Pretty arrogant, considering they've got the highest divorce rate in the world!
you should walk right up to them and ask them.
TELL HIM YOU THINK ABOUT HIM ALOT AND JUST WANTED TO CALL TO SEE IF HES INTERSED
get over her or wait till shes availablr
go for it...live life on the edge hehehe
What is best for me and mine may not be best for you and yours.
it is much easier to find a girl if ur not looking.
tell ur mum to choose for u
pick the best one out of the fight
try to keep it simple and don't go overboard with skin(you'll want him to respect you).
After u tell her u can tell if she fell the same way.
i mean u can meet plenty of serial killers at work or at a club.
It is called a crush and Lust!
Shes a sweetheart and its not the least bit wierd having sex with a girl!
Can y'all see something I can't??
The boy can dress.My best friend thinks that I should give him a chance.
but it might me interesting if someone get married and then love his wife...
depends on how long really, and how old you are.
well you have to move on.
Because no real woman will ever just flat out tell a guy she intrested.
Don't dwell on it, for the rest of your life needs living, so try to focus on that.
maybe  maybe not seeing you are a guy unless you mean lets go fishing  then I would love to...
honestly couldnt tell you but if you have to ask things may not be going so well.
i hope my rambling on has helped some.
:P  I really can't explain it.
keep trying new things and if thatn doesnt work ask her her wuts up?
Trust me, that ought to make him happy!!
sex is a beautiful thing embrace it.
maybe because love isn't what we expect it to be.
1st ask yourself, why did he leave?
she was not looking for nothing at school,and there he was!!!
Forget her and start hunting for a better gurl
i used to have a bf and we broke up.
Interesting....  And I'd have no problem watching brokeback mountain, just not with my dad.
beg her to forgive you and understand her if she didn't
hey 2 points is 2 points
Why would you want him if he doesn't want you?
I say Chicken .. or rooster for that matter!
i just want her to be happy.
Unless the girl is really enjoying it then time will not be a factor...
when true love is involved then color is not an issue
their personality, and if they flirt with me while siting on my lap when stealing kisses with me.
They probably don't deserve you anyway.
tell him what you do want, and keep the conversation going from there.
i'm like feeling deep for this boy.
YES, CAUSE HE SOUNDS LIKE THE FAKE TYPE
true be care full what u wish for
give u r partner id i will ask and tell u
he is hot,funny,and smart.he is just my kind of guy one problem,he's sorta a player.wat should i do?
I have felt like that a lot in my life...
Do it only when u r in good mood.
just follow along with what he's doing and you'll just be fine....
Thanks  (Our house is up for sale now)
Move on and you should not have moved in with him...  keep telling ladies this... don't believe me.
yes love hurts i do not care how in love you are it just really hurts .
Unless you like being in bondage...
I get hints that he tries but he never does.
But I would think sucking a cock is nasty!
not that im asking her to marry me.
sure..if you don't mind the military lifestyle
you must be bad in spelling or you must be so high
I wanna marry, not just date.
will you play doll house with your kid?
be kind to your self you have to live with you no one else love your self.
every one does at one point.
even if you're shy, you can still ask her out calmy and joyfully.
My grlfriend caught me talking 2 my ex ?
Not everyone is like your wife.
You just have to know that he's got your back no matter what!
A team or a club or a gym...?
1 the fact that he has a car is a pretty good start
do what you know is right.
ISN'T THAT THE KIND OF WOMAN YOU WOULD LIKE TO HAVE?
Don't do it men lie a lot.
Yeah why not... just don't get too wild.
what stailive missed is that its not beholder it's beerholder
And DONT talk to you ex if you arent over him yet!
Ask him if he really loves you and why hes hittin' on other girls?
Just say to yourself outloud in a crowd of single men......NEXT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Unless you're married and have kids, etc...
dont be shakin in your boots.
but I don't think I think in blue
I dont like bars or dance clubs that much.
my  husband and i have been seperated for 5 months.
Best of luck finding your father!!
So now you play the waiting game huh?
only black guys and italian guys are cute.
if i was paid like 100,000,000,000, if i didnt get paid NO
star,  It depends on the woman!
And plus her mouths right there if she wants to talk dirty LOL.
So u SHOULD of broke up with him.
how to get your man back
i prefer older men myself  more mature and usually dont play as many games as the young guys
You are a little bit too young to be kissing or doing anything else!
it's really about the way of thinking & not age...
give as much response,dont know what to do
be straight with her, that is what most girls look for in a guy at least i do.
please tell me what to do..
Hell ya girlfriend be up front and honest.
thatnx for the anser on the one aboutthe guy thats older than me!
you just ended up with a wrong guy.
i don't know did u ?
didn't get to know eachother before hand.
go see the doctor and tell them that.
he is probably a player and not worth ur time anyway.
you apologize with some flowers and you tell her that you love her!
and now , we talk on line but with less reply from her .
Just means he wants himself more than you want him!
Your optional answers only leave me to believe she's a blow up doll, so...   3. have sex with it.
if the boy or girl is flirting with you constily giving you hugs andgiving or send you love notes
Talk bout stuff she can get into.
My son asks, why can't my dad be like Bob my husband.
thats going to be hard...have you talked to your best friend about this?
sometimes i think that some men look for a woman to treat them bad.
he proposed me & i agreed.
no, maybe he just want to have a conversation, or his buddies aren't hanging out with him that day.
Maybe you should be asking, Why do I want to know?
(sorry, I got a little crazy for a second there)
If she is in a relationship with him already, just leave it alone.
give me a freaken break here.
they also like to get flowers and secret letters from an apologetic guy.
ALOT OF PEOPLE DON'T SPEAK ON HOW THEY FEEL WHEN THEY SHOULD HAVE.
find somebody else don't waste your time for him.
and since the sex is crap, then you wont be tempted to jump back in bed with her!
I just recently told him that i had a crush on him.
ok girls like it when u make them seem special so mostly tell her duh.
Or maybe (and we hope not!)
depends on what you mean by phone relationship.
TO GIVE YOU SOME REAL ADVICE, TALK TO YOUR WOMAN MANNNN!!!!
it's never gonna happen cause guys hate desperation.
but when the guy calls you dont answer/return his phone call...what is this!!
Not sure if still i can marry her.
I believe that my hubby & my sex life is better now than it was when we got married!
whoever says yes 2 u, theyre just playing.
I wouldn't call that person a friend at all.
Millions of girls in the WORLD!!
no thats not nasty but thats not somthing that you want to tell people
i think you guys broke up for a reason.
Do you think I should tell my guy that I am going?
If you don't feel right, then don't do it.
Then your just going to wait until your older maybe then she will like you!
i beleive he's cheating on me but i don't have proof, just a gut feeling.
Don't use a coat hanger lol
Hmm...well, he knows she is an idiot, right?
when you feel kiss , you kan kiss  .
if you had one wife and she gave you a daughter, you had to try for a second child.
time to get out and be independant.
NOW IF UR NOT IN SCHOOL, I SAY U NEED TO GET OUT THE HOUSE.
!and makes the kissing more exiting...
girlfriend,you have to ask him how did his dad let him go out with that girl and not you?
Blue says i am thinking your crazy with this ?
Is it nasty to fantsize about su*king co*k??
i wouldnt let him come home for a little while but i would take him back.
other than that everything is good?
Be happy you got a guy in the first place.
yes i feel hurt but i only flirt wih guess who flirt first
Truly, unless you know for sure that he's a self-centered bigot... JUST ASK HIM!
Oh yeah and it is cheaper.
just approach her, conversate with her, see if ya'll hit it off.
So how do I tell if he likes me or not?
not rock hard abs, but not flab.
it all depends how the relationship is going.
of course if you let him try.
EVERYTHING..  THEIR LOOKS THE WAY THEY CARRY THEMSELVES THEIR INDEPENDENCE INTELLEGENCE
I know this isn't real in depth, but I hope it helps!
WHEN YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU LOVE AND YOU ARE READY TO MARRY
Good Luck to you both....should be exciting and fun...once ya get past the door.
so that u can enjoy the best
say it just the way you feel it dont mince words
Finding this out the hard way sucks.
try your best and if she cant seem to appreciate it t is her fault, not yours!
4. looking at it you'll go limp or dry up...try it!
at 15 you realy should not be dating.
i dont love my now husband anymore,too much shit happend between us!
he is coming to see you.
1 the fact that he has a car is a pretty good start  ROFLOL !!!!!
.. or you coudl find that out the hard way ..
3. look pitiful and make sure she knows that your life isnt goinng on w/out her.
hehe/ in love, age really doesn't matter at all.
i met a guy that i really like, but i'm still married, what do i do?
How can you even stomach this guy?
so he wants her to disconnect their relationship with eachother.
i feel lonely when my husband goes to work.
Ask you're self who you like better.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS IN A PERSON HEART AND I DON'T KNOW BLUE OR YOU .
just be confident AND no pick up lines!!
but the policia will look at you with beady eyes.
Not really sure what you meant by this question.
But I never thought he would come out and ask me to have an affair.
If a guy says, if you ever need help, just let me know what does this mean?
I don't see what the problem is, girl.
i think most guys like long dark hair,but if they really like you it's wouln't matter
beat 'em if that dont work take things away from them.
The cartoon Gummi bears and piranha gave me nightmares... so did the chipmunks movie with the wild boar...
ask a few questions to your best friend.
u dont want 2 feel trapped when ur around her alot
I'm guessing that you mean Brittish?
Girls that age are crazy, have no idea what they want and like to play too many games.
So just do whats right for yourself and start over!
Well hes just tring to play with you like Levi tries to play with me.
TELL THEM YOUR CHRISTIAN AND WOULD LOVE FOR THEM TO CONVERT.
tell her straight and if she says you are weird than she really isn't a friend.
I'M THAT BULL/DIME CHICK, HOW YOU GONNA CHEAT ON ME?).
hang out with her a bunch.
poor u thats a tough situation.
Spend one day doing what he likes, the next doing what you like.
But do it FOR your wife.
a sports item somethin really boy like
well it really depends on how much you care for her!
Just ask her the way i asked my boyfriend
If this scares him away, then you did not need to be with him now.
they r just sick and rong i have no idea y they would
his sister said he only shows off to me.
his buddies there will give him shit about it.
Starts looking nice everyday for no reason at all.
just b really lucky and wait for her to break up??
it just means you care about them.
the sex with 2 scorpio is the best shit out there!
Some guys are really just for friends.
Sounds like you think it is, so maybe better if you didn't.....
depends on what you mean by arranged!
it's like boobs...and like sex or something.
One would go as far as to say women don't even know why they do it...they just do.
you get his number and you call him.
I'm not gonna sneak around as if we're doing something bad!
all that getting along with your life is bullshit.
find one that use to be nerdy
Nothing too big or serious, its the first date, you've got time!!
your 13, why dont you wait until you grow pubic hair first
he was just afraid to pursue them.
If he ikes to watch T.V.
If you trust her and love her let this go.
but she wuz a bytch and really didnt treat him right anyways so it wasnt too hard.
If you are not attracted to women.
Ask him why he's staring at you.
(yes i did prowl, i didn't think i had anything to worry about.)
i manipulated him...it may have been wrong but it worked and thats all i wanted.
most say they aren't really so happy.
Well, if you think about it, gay guys have sex with other men.
i dont think it is tho.
white 5-6in hispanics 7-8in black 7-9in.
Maybe the girl for you is just not in your school.
Just ask him or don't if you nevr wnt 2 know!!
colors lavendar/white wedding in april  fresh cut flowers in huge vases on head table.
Do not try to be someone you are not.
If she doesn't like potatoes, just eat YOUR potatoes and let her eat whatever SHE wants to eat.
What do you think she's gonna do the SECOND you BORE/ANNOY/TICK HER OFF??!??
TRUE LOVE IS NOT LIKE THAT OF INFATUATION WHICH COMES HURRIEDLY AND GOES AWAY QUICKLY .
One caveat, there are sexy 33 year old guys too :P
It sounds like absolutely nothing is wrong with you!
USE THEM AS EXAMPLES AND THEYLL REALIZE HOW UNFAIR AND CHILDISH THEY ARE BEING.
i don't think you should drop out.
If he really is out there for me then when in the hell is he going to get here!
I see a lot of guys with self-esteem problems trying to make tons of money.
That way no matter what it is all in the end.
she said that he liked me.
well i am not a big loving person but, i do know what love is all about.
First off it has to do with how old u r.
THE ONLY THING WITH THAT IS YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL.
now that i answered it im not so bored any more... hey thanx!!!
the shy ones may just stare at you because they are scared to do anything else.
They always want the bad boys.
i'm 19 and still looking for a man that is the true!
(man do i miss it, can you tell???)
I do not see what's wrong with you looking at a another woman and saying oh she looks nice.
YOUR ACTIONS WILL KEEP YOU OUT OF TROUBLE AND ON THE RIGHT PATH.
because they what toget some of that sexy thing
Strange thing, HE MARRIED HER, and she him.
Take his hand in yours ... and ask him out!
I love my boyfriend to death.
If you left her i dont think shell want you back
Great question, but the answer is 'not as many as I do' :)
Think about all the thing that yo are good at and go have fun with some friends.
we have one financial crisis after another.
Keep yourself busy and stop thinking about when he's gonna call.
Nathan (nā'thən) , in the Bible.
sounds fake i knw but i want 2knw wat 2 do.
hey you still young its a new year maybe luck will strike.good luck
!hahahahaha now wut u gonna do!?
or it could be a band
Every time I even thinks she wants to move up a notch though, I just lock up.
I'm a girl ask me more.
when your desires are not fulfilled then this hurts.
HOW DOES A RELATIONSHIP GO FROM BEING HOT AND HEAVY TO NO SPARKS AT ALL.
who do i chose its so hard.
give him a box of chocolate
Dumb question but I just thought I'd get people opinions :o) Thanks.
it took u 16 yrs to find out what kind of person her really was.
HOW CAN YOU LOVE SOMEONE, WHEN YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ANY OF THEIR INNER CHARACTERISTICS (PERSONALITY)?
you deserve better, and snooping isn't as bad as what she did... BY FAR!
wat is the sexiest way to masturbrate?
i just want to know !!!!!!!
If they want it again then BAMB they call sooner than later.
maybe he does like you i mean my friend ended up going out with a guy she completely hates.
this don't sound good at all.
But I want thing back the way they were and so do they.
or should i have a good argument because this stuff should have never have happened..??
go get a life men u r sick
just wondering i really doubt it though
go on and enjoy the greatest thing on earth!
your first mistake was telling her you liked her when she had a bf.
Even if he is, who cares?
try to let her know that u r still alone and waiting for her
NONE...don't do out side your race...it should be a crime...
yes it happens a lot ot people
If you can't be wit the one you want  love the one your wit
simple .... get her phone no and call....
I'm not attic cat but we can be friends!
Just like Sarah said, does he make you happy?
visit any person from opposite sex .... at lonely place.... and try.... may be you learn....!!!
find some guy you like, flirt, sit on his lap.
well, if he gay or bi-curious, tell him .
It is not bad at all!
It depends I guess, Im a girl, but love can make people do crazy things.
if you ever let him know how you feel and hope he feels ya back!
You just have to learn to except the change or don't.
when you're done with all that crying, pick yourself up & meet different people,have fun!
you have to go w/ your heart and be honest
And, the real question then becomes why do I pick women who cheat?
something that show you love them
gurl u aint no lesbian u just cant live without your x-bf so dont worry everytins gonna be alright
Maybe she is tring to make you jelous.!
Hugs...If i was there with you, i would demonstrate, ha ha ha.
i madeout w/ her lik 4 months ago.
well not really i mean ur girlfriend is going to be with you
be realistic about who u are looking for in a date.
doesnt mean they are cheating could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust.
flash him some boobie he will notice you then.
i don't know why but yes to your question.
however you manage it i wish you the best of luck
i do to that is cool men
internet ,like chatrooms,its a good place to meet all kinds of women.
i dont want u wearing that or doin this.
i think thats is wht u too should b doing.....listen to ur heart but let ur brains guide u.
Didn't know we had one LOL
There is nothing wrong with having sex with someone that u used 2 b n a relationship with.
You do not believe a HUMAN can live 5 yrs without sex??????
it would depend a lot on how old this boy is
He's got her on one side and you willing to wait for him on the other.
He saved me a grip on linen, lol!
and the rest is up to u
no one will ever control me again.
Believe me I can...  Anyways here are some questions for you...
IT'S ALL ABOUT WHO'S INVOLVED IN THE FUN...
and it makes her look hot if she has curves!!
ummmmmm......... probably Paris Hilton or Pamela Anderson
no, zac has his own girlfriend!
Just try to shut that out of your mind.
NO BUT IF U FIND ONE MAKE SURE SHE'S HOT AND HORNY!!
if she would then go ahead.
love, because when you are in love with someone you will probably have sex with that person anyway
show her you love your life, etc.
You just gotta go for it.
no guy is worth worship unless he is ur husband.
Theres this guy in my grade and he practicly molests girls all the time!
& if it dosent, then its probly cuz u have found some1 better along the way.
First french kiss...I burped in his mouth.
phone, email etc... to me is weak, childish and it's so un-personal.
if shes got booty and you don't watch out.
IF it is just the sex you want then talk about any of the others u want to.
he is not worth ruining your life for or doing stupid things for.
Don't worry, it will pass - and it will probably happen again.
but if the guy acts first, then definitly, but you should probably take it slow.
I'm young and I know a little about colors.
ANYTHING YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS OF COURSE, WRONG.
photos to compare the results with your case ...   hope i was useful
Probably just some of the things that runs through his mind.
and if you like him too dont tell him til you get your answer first.lol.
you should not marry this new guy!
ever hear the sayin....if they do it with you...they will do it to you
Because most of them don't have any real life friends.
1 because karma does comes back to bite you and especially now that you know about her relationship.
I mean does anyone truely know?
All Day Long(just about).....Im thinking about it now :)
She's a jerk and a loser.
And now to the rest of your issue...
AND  THE ONLY WAY TO TELL THEM IS STRAIGHT UP.
some times he is just jeluos and is hoging you
they are cheating and just trying to point the finger at you because they are doing wrong.
Women bitch because men don't listen; and men don't listen because women bitch.
bcoz we cant change anyone by arguments.
since there are childen involved its a way awful thing.
If you love him it shouldnt matter.
If he get's bent over you not answering the phone...He needs to check himself.
does he have a nice friend , fuck him and videotape it.
he is really hot but i never thought he would be instered in me wht should i do
I can't believe you lied to me!
Nice day for a marathon training run
Just ask and you will know.A closed mouth won't get fed!
if you broke up with him, oh well.
She  Is  My  Friend...But I Like Her So Munch.
I am married and too good for you!
pretty smart funny some one he can talk too.
If u ain't white don't answer.
How old are you then i can help maybe!
because  were r not all like that always.
I hope you find someone like him!
and then u woke up,haven't u heard that nothin is for free,somewhere along the way u pay the price.
i am so confused help me here people!
i like 2guy but there best friends.
guys like it when they are told straight to the point.
I don't like it, but does it matter to you?
You might be thinking too much...  What if he just want your honest opinion about this matter?
Well maybe its just not him.........  but that doesnt mean it has to be you.
you need to show her what your all about.
Yeah, you're hot like everyone else that has a female avatar...
yellow pages are go to find a friend.com
but its not a bad thing to have a boyfriend as long as he's good to you!
I'M A BBW(BIG BEAUTIFUL WOMAN) WHO'S LOOKING 4 REAL LOVE!
So find the right guy and go for it!
nope i think what you did was perfect, if ya got feelings for her ask her out or soemthing
ok just cause theings look like something dont assume.
You should tell him, he might be waiting for you to come and say :).. Good Luck.
think about the consequences and actions its like robbing your bestfriend of her happiness.
& you can atatch lil messages to them.
Things that make you say                              HUMMMMMM!!!!
just say it...be around him a lot and just show him your feelings flat out.
I don't like skinny men at all...I think a man should be like a bear.
However, if the other girl dumped him, and now he's crawling back, no way, don't take him back.
just talk to her because otherwise you never will get to talk to her.
If the guy has RECENTLY been divorced and is still bitter, then no way.
don't if this sounds mean.. but didn't someone talk to you about stuff like that??
You could say It's not there anymore Instead of, I don't want to be married.
What if a girl u like doesn't like u and u like her what do u do about it?
i actually met this guy online and he is very nice, very respectful.
you got 4 new friends now
Just pull it from packet & wear it on your tool!!
It shows that u like her enough to make the first move.
Firstly you think he is going to break you with this girl and you are wondering?
just look for her...have u ever heard :   'we make our own destiny'
i totaly agre with the dude in front of me
talk to him get to know him
uh sure, shannon is a good name
n everything wil fall for u... All the Best..
Work out some way to spice up your sex life.
find out on your own... see wat u hav got and how you can put that to use...
Teach Me  Pls.........  Help Me Out All The KInd People Out  there
I think you have feelings for this guy...
some one online said they were a male lesbein
I'm sure that I LOVE HER !
because that is what a real man would do if a girl dump him.
Do they still make EZ Widers?
the moreyou try to tell her the more apealing he will be to her.
well best way to answer that is to throw a question back !
when u screw someone on the net
He only talks about serious things..and thats how i talk to him (i only ask him serious things).
I mean it still goes on but ignore it and u'll be fine.
they can luv u, and luv sumone else.
reallly think about this and think twice b 4 u act.
At any age a guy that is married is hands off.
chioces; u have to make one at least once every min.!!
IT SPEAKS FROM THE HEART AND NEVER EXPLAINS
maybe he cant keep erecetion and is embarrassed
BUT if I knew you were that size...I wouldnt have sex with you....OUCH!!
I am the type of girl that doesn't ask for alot.
VERY DARKNESS.PLZ DONT LOVE ANY BODY
nice guys are everywhere, so really you need to think of places that they wouldn't be and search elsewhere.
WHY SHOULDN'T YOU BE LOVED THE WAY YOU WANT.
Me and my bro are still cool, tho...
just ask them that and you'll have everything
I am a home buddy type..  Love sex too..  hahahhaah
no you can prove by alot of other things it just makes it harder on a relationship
If a girl isn't happy with herself and you with yourself - then neither one will be truely happy!
SadLy  She Got Bf.But No One Knows She Got a Secret BF .
THAT'S NASTY, and ur gonna allow that?
I find myself not trusting this man in my life.
just stick with your own race and then there will be world peace!!
U should give him 100-300$ and let him buy what he wants.
he always told me how beautiful i was.
talk to him for like a week or two.
Men don't mature as fast as women.
But That Don`t Mean Go Do It Wit Anybody.
i could go in to more detail but its thats simple...nature handles the rest
Guys always like to be happy when girls are around.
I don't do that...... they need help......... serously I don't..... but mostly because they probably think you're fine.
also, the things that he likes are really, really expensive..
i think that if i were u i would have gotten ovre him the min.
How can i tell whether he is in love with me
I didn't want my girlfriend to love me for who I was not.
But sont be toooo quick to rush it
cry and so on and beg them or something threaten to kill ya self OR JUST ACCEPT IT!!!!
you can get some pretty wedding dresses at nordstrom.com for under 800
why do you see him everyday?
dont wory bout it so much mabie you can borrow you friends.
A date and then no call?
I swore never to love angain.
its up to u if u still like her yes and if no dont
!ok you got to ether ask her out or flirt alot more!i would get anouther crush!
only if it's okay that ur best friend beats ur sneaky a$$ when he finds out.
I'm telling you, he was huge.
do you work together or something?
dont let him get away with it.
If there is LOVE not just LUST, then it sure will , because age dont matter in love.
How can i deal with this huh?
You sound like a sweet guy.
Some people are shy and have a hard time talking about sex,  make it easy
And if that don't work time to get some vasiline!
Get yourself up from in front of the computer and look for one...
If you think it isnt BS, how do I get popular?
But that doesn't excuse his behavior.
He isn't fat, but he has WAY more muscle than I do and he is heavy.
its called get .....GET A LIFE!
so yeah it would be my Mother.
if NOT...gudbye and thanks for applying!
* 11) What's your last name?
!Baby you mst be tired because you've been running around my head all day!!!!
KINDA HINT AROUND TO IT OR SOMETHING.
talk to her...well it depends give her some space for awhile then talk to her!
Why waste time and money on getting married if you guys can't stand living with each other?
Don't complain to her about useless things... she's n
she gets another man and guess what, your sunk.
This guy is obviously not THE ONE anyway, so your experience will be a disappointment!
still if you are more in love with the old one then stick with your heart.
with my friends...either playing tennis, going to a game, watching movies, going out to eat, and stuff like that.
Why can't you just act like friends and make peace?!?
tell her what u just said and be as honest as u possibly can.
Now I have dreams that are just sad.
It in no way assure that their is love in the marriage.
any guy that is nice is good.
so girl cheerup and all the best
Become a Man that a good woman would be looking for.
Pick one that you like and stick with it
Not pretty .. not pretty at all.
I love to just hang @ home or a park etc with my kids.
whats the worst thing that can happen?
if s/he was really bad in bed i mean
Same reson why people hate gay folks.
something must be wrong with you if you cannot make freinds
Fuck somebody on the side until yall get married, that's only if you can't wait.
Girls like their men manscaped too.
How old are u now anyway?
Red roses so you  show her that you'r in love!
Personally, it kept me from making the  mistake of my life!
oh, everyone should be without shoes.
i figure that if you love each other thats all that counts, dont worry,be happy!!
BUT WE HAVE NEVER HAD ONE OF THOSE TALKS, AND I WANT TO HAVE A TALK TO HER.
They can't admit it though & usually save face by answering GROSS!.
some guys also find it a turn-off for the lady to ask them out.
No... this is Yahoo Answers... keep trying.
who knows what theyre up to
its you --- and the way you act.
I'm hot, and i'm a rock on dancer!
jus tok bout sumthin yoo think is interesting
food you get a kind or tired.
Don't 4get the ever popular double date w/a car owner.
Maybe she'll want to repeat it!
do you give up or try harder?
i do hate myself i dunno why ?
Well i did because they are not on drugs and is doing better.
i will be making love to my boyfriend.
i was shocked, i didnt reply.
no way thats a great thing u can give to your future wife...if you wait that long.
Make your lips really soft...we're going for romance here not passion...just yet!!!
u should stick through them thick or thing.
Gay men DO NOT LIKE WOMEN.
we dont DO it...we HAVE it...its natural by te way...DONT FIGHT THE URGES!
After that, state what you are thinking... feel me?
Hang onto it, you can't get it back once you give it away!
love pains us becuase we don't understand.
Does it change or feel different when you are having sex????????????
well 4 me it shows they r trying 2 get 2 kno me better
In the long run it didn't work out but he did get my hint!
he just turned you on .
when love hits all pain leavs for that moment you are invicible
the outcome will turn out ugly.
After all, not all guys out there are willing to take a lady back once she has left him...
.lol (should be a song .
Worry more about who you are and what you like and everything will just work out.
then, when you are older you meet the one, you get serious.
yes some are but the ones i like are fuuny cause they act some much more like a female.
Are you looking for love...or arm candy....a man doesen't have to be SEXY to give love.
if u have an exclusive relationship with your new boyfriend... remember that relationship ended for a reason.
arrange to meet him in person and if he comes then u know he likes u
For the 1st Qus:of coz will get jealous but u need to noe if tt girl like u anot.
then you would need to decide if it's worth fighting for.
take it easy let him go if he wants too.
hmmm wow thats a good one!
after that, he tickled me and i begged him to stop for my back was hurting.
They don't think it cost much to move out.
...he is the only one who truly know why...
And don't think just cause you give a guy head your in a relationship.
From my own experience dealing with this person I would say NO WAY!!!
if he calls and only wants to hook up for sex
and before we kissed, he would always just go up to me and try to kiss me.
why did you make out with him and give him head?
If you didn;t truly love the woman you married, why did you marry her?
First tell him not to take it too personal.
No I wouldn't worry about it.
To heck with what anyone else thought.
His name is Chad and he is supposedly liking me but I don't know... Help me out people!
This last week he visited me (as usual) on my boss' day off.
i dont see how ethnicity would fit it, so that would be a big no...
flirt w/her and just be yourself
do you want to check it out?
I CONSIDER MY SELF NORMAL, AND I'M SINGLE.
I am 21 years old and I cried!
what makes you sure he isnt a freek or something.
the majority of the time .
Just get out and move on.
If you cannot do this yourself, get help (especially from him).
what color are you panties, i believe he just wants to get into your pants.
Eat her - trust me it always works!
Some still like to have a nice guy that does nice things for her, and treats her right.
they think that i'm depressed and crap, but i'm not.
older men are better...a little more serious,,and thoughtful..plus i think they're better in bed
sometimes doesn't pick up his phone that means he's prob cheating.
invite over a few of your friends!
You should try to just be like normal and just chill if you want to with him.
u got a same problem like i used to have last year !
younger men prefer older women, because they think older women are more likely to put out.
YES IF THEY UNITENTIOANLLY DO SOMETHING TO ME AND NO IF THEY PURPOSELY DID ME WRONG
If he loves you then it is smooth sailing after tht right?
try rubbing her shoulders then get her to lie down so u can massage her back.
do you think hes playin or hes really into me?
and your not even close yet to the woman you will become.
He said he only talked to her once.But, I don't know if I believe that.
Maybe he does OR he just wanted your number!
it's you that makes your life lonely.
HAVING A BABY CAN BE VERY STRESSFUL AND TIRING.
if you agree to your self then you can do that i dont think its okay good luck
maybe hint it out to him that you really would like to kiss him.
Don't blame her, but use I statements like, I desire to make love with you.
18 or after aimancipation (however u spell it) or have ur parents sign a document
Lately all I've wanted to do was sleep...
And she might feel the some way about you.
and when he do that act like how he was acting.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT CALL HIM EVERY FIVE MINUTES OR A BILLION TIMES IN ONE DAY.
there is this guy at my school and i cant tell if he likes or even notices me.
cut your lose i hate to say it but... he likes another girl
(I know it's easier said than done)
well do what u fell is right
ANY OLDER THAN THAT COULD BE TROUBLE.
i met him a couple years ago at a friends party!
If he is taken and is happy, then move on.
and your future partner, if not believing in it himself, should not force you to do anything.
Or should I just go ahead and try it for the hell of it?
we went from having sex 10x a week to zero.
If you have nice eyes and awesome hair, I am already head over heels!
legally u have 2 be 18 and over.
Its like fighting demons every day when you wake up.
If u can't find one out of house try to find one by chatting...ok?
theres not a whole lot you really can do.
IF HE LOVES YOU HE WILL CHANGE.
Or...she could just be really in love with you.
I scream because my boyfriend asked me to.
Save the good stuff for later.
do NOT get married until u find ur soulmate!!
if  your both single talk with him about those feeling  he may be having same type feeeling
Why don't you go after a not-so-good-lookin guy and you won't have that problem.
i like to know more about female ejaculation
People never win games, they alway loose in the end.
its totally unattractive to me, when you have that stank breath i dont want it anywhere near me.
What cologne do you like most on a guy?
I love her very much and i want her to know how much she means to me.
It is so okay for guys to cry.
honey, i think we're gonna need a little more info on that one!
give him an poster of einstien and a card!
opinions from both males and females
what i have found is that men just have different ways to show they care.
( I'm not talking about playing hard to get).
hhhmmmmm.... i'm blushing right now thinking of it >:)... hehehehe
people will say yes and some will say no.
AND NO DONT CHEAT BECAUSE THAT WILL ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE.
u r gift from heaven 2.
but he still cant get away from you because hes in love.
my best friend has a major crush on him,and im only 13-i dont want a boyfriend yet!
I have experienced something like this...
but there is no intamacy or romance left.
im going though the same thing and need someone to talk to!
try 2 give me more detail....
Doesn't have to be boy, doesn't have to be     !
just get right out there and tell her.
cuz we can be and u men giv in easily
OKAY THAT ALL DEPENDS ON AGE.
like if something was wrong with them.
Don't worry about it - you have PLENTY of time!
And for some coutries this is a big NO NO...
it is just the demon in your mind.
Plus if you go classy then she'll expect that all the time!
Sounds like stage fright to me.
*sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar*
Try to sleep it off - no, only kidding.
kids are 17 19 21 years old
there r some of us left in the world u just have to look harder
you don't want to worsen the matter.
alot of my friends are going for this, but i am still goin with the rockers and surfer/skater types.
NO, yes, maybe, I don't know, this question upsets  me, (where are my meds).
I care about this man, but I need some suggestions on how to tell him, I can not breath.
you can always talk to a counselor near where you live...
if you were a straight man ?!
GETTING MAD AND ACTING LIKE JERK WONT HELP EITHER.
:o  Ok, hope that helped you.
if you can deal with him flirting with other girls then hey i guess that it is fine.
Dress nice and flirt with him, give him your attention.
i always get confused about that?
I did not like it either when I had to let them run my life during school.
because we know what we want and are not to budge.
GET A JOB AND BE INDEPENDENT........ thats simple..... i been living Independent since i was 16.. now im 21
:P I don't practice what I preach.
If it fails, just let it go...
Ditch 3 of them & spend time alone w/ the one you like lol
y is that some guys dont have the guts 2 tell a gurl how they fell about her?
I'm still in love with my baby's father.
ya should ask her out that's what i would do if i were a guy
tell him you found someone better him , you not come around you again
If she doesn't want to, than don't do it.
Just ask around mabey someone will point u 2 the way of a friend !
kind of creepy, thirteen is a bit young for anyone, messing with preteen emotions is never good
Don't have sex in the bed all the time.
how can i make my two bestfriend be friends again ?
If you love him...give him a chance.
when its your money he's spending then its ok to gripe and groan.
If its truly your love bird it will return, if not it was never yours to begin with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People lie and cheat more than they ever have.
Maybe a return joke, not in vengance but the spirit of fun
THEY ARE WOMEN, AND WE ARE MEN!
I can say that men see porn as sex.
would you buy a burning house?
Guys love girls that give h e a d but seldom take them home.
But hey, I've known myself my whole life.'
no no no no bad approach.
If you want to that would be nice.
Way too young to get married, best not to have sex.
ANY IDEAS HOW TO FEEL BETTER?
Nope, it's his if in his name no matter what.
But the one thing that I just keep thinking is that Is it worth losing what I have now?
I wouldn't believe a simple comment like that would be flirting at all.
Maybe you shouldn't even worry about this just yet.
...for example: celebrity gossip, fashion, rules of relationships (i.e.
I don't know about other guys...
Lets be friends, add me to your messenger :D
I don't know about other guys...
i no thats what i do
whatever you do, never take sides.
and give her a dumb look.
no,not all girls are like this.just don't give importance to that girl whi don't care for your feelings.
then what about all the gymnasts?
i am sure u will feel good then!
im 11 u should pick guys out that you like,hang around them,the hot ones try 2 notice,but,might not.
I thought i had one.... but someday without recognizing i meet someone and now we're best friends.
All of them (except the ugly)
most rebels seek love... so just try to be affectionate but not possessive.
because i need to know so if you would leave a message that would be great!!!!
i got real diomond earings and he made me dinner
well ive got more guy friends then girls
It's the least you can do...
Emotionally you are cheating on her on principle...
jus show them that u have more balls than them.
wat is wrong with you that's jus a little to old child.
may be u never tried....try to love him...automatically u will understand him...
from the back...well...i'll let you figure it out.
you could listen to me if you want to.
WELL IF YOU CHEATED THEN YOU PROBABLY WONT.
when both of you are ready then you'll know how to talk about it.
Or may you just did if he reads these too.
at least not in my dreams.
go ask him out, for hell's sake.
and I don't even know if he even cares about me anymore.
when she says do ya wanna feel?
But I can't help the way I feel.
Bring them on anytime... mm mmm mmm!
Maybe u shud try hookin up wit a girl instead of a cat.....that ud help out alot!
he cant control you if you dont let him.
Because it's a man telling his woman that she is EVERYTHING to him!!
if she rejects you hey i will always be here.
But i've met some great people who were in wheeelchairs and went on in life and found love!
this is of course just for now, if you get married, who knows what it will be like... :-)
Like do they always go for looks?
I don't like it and neither do you.
BUT WHEN FANTASY BECOMES REALITY; WELL, REALITY CAN BE VERY SCARY.
lol all the girlz at your school!
Most rap, and hip hop sucks.
He's right... u wasting ur time to a nonesense guy.
Go out with the girl that likes you.
my girlfriend, did the same thing.
2. hey, u free fri (or whatever) night?
Y do wives have to gain weight and quit having sex once you get married?
hey i too am searching for a gf could u be the one if u dont mind plz???????
gay men in a relationship don't always have to use protection.
No means no, weather it is a girl or guy who says it.
as long as you dont tell the guy you are having sex with.
Promise him a surprize on valintines night then brake up with him!
bug him and try kissing him too
hey, i went online, maybe you can too.
if you're in love, you'll know!!
Do you know what it is?
MAybe she is mad at u for some reason and u just don't know what it is.
sex after marriage is an old idea...
Why should i feel pain , do i enjoy pain ?
that is so sweet he probly got to know you more after a year in a half.
do you mean who do YOU love?
She cut his throat before he could scream....
what do u think i should do about it?
can a couple regain trust after cheating?
I am friends w/ a lot of my ex's.
He's hanging out with you, right?
am a girl & take my advice...
Don't try to control them they will cheat to get back at you
im looking for a hot grlr who is very willing to be my friend..
her personality, the way she looks, ect....
so once he finds one he will stop his satisfaction for the flirting!
It is the juices talking sweety!
Tried X once- loved the closeness I felt during sex.
a few diseases and/or a really bad aftertaste
PLEASE HELP ME IF U CAN!!!!!!
Just wait until some guy ask you out.
No, I think that's kinda mean.
Maybe you're not doing it right.
friends are friends til the end!
Just depends on what you like.
and saying thats it will not do it.
most guys like myself dont like to let our gaurds down for fear of bein looked at as week
Tell me, why u think that ur girl is cheating on you?
Just squeeze you butt cheeks its about the same.
:-) You can use that if you like.
but im not sure you could go to jail because its a pretty high amount
boys are not that haed to find but make sure you dont find the wrong type.
WHEN YOU ASKED,AND IF IT WERE HIM, YES.
most any guy will jump at being with you.
go to avatar.yahoo.com if you have'nt made a avatar yet.
find a new one, his best friend.
If you think she'd be angry then don't do it.
small candels... wrap them yourself with little bags and tie pretty ribbon around them..
Maybe tell him sorry, you are a really great guy but I do not see you that way.
probably wondering if there is love and kindness out there for you.
...WAIT it's the best thing to do.
BE RESPONSIBLE..RELAX...AND LET HIM PROVE TO YOU THAT HE IS THE REAL THING FOREVER...GL
Probably, you have never made ANY mistake in your life!
You want to go to Lubbock!
You shouldn't look for a guy.
since im a guy... yes kiss the girls make out with them... its normal....
don't talk to him till he talks to u
yeah really, ask him hey, do you want to go out?
I won't b thinking about that for another 2 yrs, unless u have permission from ur parrents.
Obviously you shouldn't tell him the real reason - but I think you aren't giving him a fair chance.
I just do not get it.
I myself would just tell her.
o.k.- did that answer your question?
Don't have one for your info.!!
but wait so you don't get hurt.
no but reassuring him won't cost you anything if it gives him peace of mind.
so blaming it wont do ... be cool and control your life ..
looking to get to know females.
Tell her while you're treating her to Pizza Hut
I don't know but I sure would be happy to have a Dear Abbey lol
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friend with me...=(
but on the other hand the things some women's deal with can send them to nutville
Thank you & always remain yourself !!
i mean, u can do it if u only have one, but its still hard.
Sweetie, don't count on your looks to get you a bf.
you said she's rebel, what makes you say that?
please dont tell me youre an adult.
She thought it was so funny, that when I asked her out, she said yes.
I think ya both has some sexual confusion issues...
no there more fish in the sea forget him and move on okay be strong
you should tell him u like him if ur hot.
If you feel bad about this then I dont think you are a bad person :)
If she penetrated you, then you're just kinky.
walkin up to a girl in person is much more real.
But I jumped on that ass so many times its just stupid.
9 times out of 10 !
there are so many ways to please a man .
I have about 10 that are my real friends
?any guys out there who can help?
Developing, oh that would be great.
but it shouldn't b just cuz it's that day.
yes that is good for a couple to make them hot & also to know new sexual positions
Just be real and don't try and pretend you're something you're not.
well theres no blood relation so no its nto like he is your blood brother
everybody is right u are young you will learn in no time
absolutely.. boobs arent the only factor with hooking up, just an added bonus if you have them ;)
And i'm proud of who and what i am.
secondly, you friend DEFINITELY doesn't hate U.
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT OF SOMEONE IN FLA.
well I am the cutest !
However, people can change....but, like I said, I believe the chances are slim...  Good luck!
I have one and thingings are going great we have trust and we talk every chance I get.
Is your gut telling you HE IS A BIG CHEATER!!!!??
DEEP DOWN THEY REALIZE THINGS WE DONT ALWAYS LOOK AT.
trust me, looks change, go for personality
Fight for it if you want it.
dont no woman want an aggressive man let her warm up to you.
Yea, I really hate when guys say they habe a gf but they don't!
r u involve with such a person?
Girls have to think LONG TERM.
how about having him over for dinner ?
On one hand your boys want to hang out, play bocce, and watch the Braves.
like a cd of his fav band.
I know how hard it is!
he probably watched to much porn.
i cant say its too young  but you dont want to just give yourself out.
well my guy did.. =/  third of all, you should try waiting things out.
Some women say it helped them alot.
THE PLESSURE FEELS GOOD BUT ITS WORTH THE WAIT.
If you go on places  that have like NORMAL PEOPLES...OF COURSE YES
so i would pick the geeks, hell, i have always picked the geeks.
my guy friend who really likes me is goin to be at my place in less than 20 minuets
cook and clean - but there is more to it than that .
was it with the right person?
this depends on your relationship previous to now (old friends, new friends, classmates, etc.
Boys come & go but friends are forever....(or should be!)
how can u decipher when u would be in love or just infatuated wid some one.
if you were his girlfriend and a girl tried to break you guys up, would you want that happening?
dont!that would crush her im sure u can find another reason.
sorry but there aren't lot of girls with their photos.
I also work with her every day & she reminds me of it each day...
IF I FEEL SOMETHING SPECIAL FOR HER, I WOULD!
GIVE HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES.
Thats all you need to do!
hey what's wrong with being thick?
don't call him, wait for his call.
BUT....skip all of that if you don't know what i mean.
I also wonder about the same thing sis!
when you cant stop thinkig bout this person he/she is always on yor mind
the answer is not A or B it is E and Z
Then you have a choice to make, don't you?
there goinna be a lot of ugly girls in there seventies with all these silicon crap lol!
if you really loved your boyfriend you wouldnt need anyone else.
try and surround yourself with people who truly love you and care about you.
It even rained on my wedding day and I wouldn't change that either.
find a nice pet and some friends.
If both are fine with it, then it is OK  living la vida loca  :)
One friend of mine, even got married.
I bet with a little smile you are a dream.
of course you should hang with a guy you like.
Let me tell you-my wife is a larger lady, and not at all easy.
Then try to pick up the pieces afterward so sad!
and 350 is alot to spend on a bf of less than a year.
I don't like you try your luck to other girl...
remember this,once you cheat, your more likely to do it agian.
After I came out so did about 3 or 4 of my other friends, so it could benifit.
She's got you on the backburner!!!!
keep him and just watch the fooball games with him.
Not having any hair, makes her look...pre-pubescent, and that just seems wrong.
if she leaves, it means she doesn't want to go out with you.
and know whether s/he is really what u thought s/he is.
been  there  done  that  seperated  now
:)   Anyways, you ask what Love is Blind really means.
nothing is wrong with dating someone that is chubby
plain and simple a true friend wouldnt do that
Probably not I dont think i do.
MARRIAGE IS ABOUT FINDING YOUR PATH AND UNITING IT WITH ANOTHER TO MAKE ONE.
well love makes u do crazy things...
And there are so many flowers to choose from!
If he gets a girlfriend she always gets mad cause she thinks we're too close.
NO MA'AM YOUR ON YOUR OWN WITH THIS ONE
just curious as to your thoughts!
What ever you are doing, always do your best.
You have to be strong and tell him NO!
nowhere, all men are jerks one way or another.
I got three words for ya, Peeping Tom
if u love something let him go,will come back?
he never noticed how i felt about him, so go ahead and hang out!
I think it's really cute :)!
No its NOT OK to have relationship with old bed mates if you are married.
I have never heard of this before and i think its complete ludacris
A small Family....Kids are to mush work these dayz......lol
medium because its not to big or too small
first kiss - 9.  first date - 14
well it deppends how old you r
it is good to have advice in this topic coze i was about to ask similar q any way.
!it is how you use it!
I say this from a personal experience so either take it or just throw it to the ocean... ;-p
why would anyone want to get married.
More proof that women collectively DON'T REALLY GIVE A RAT'S @SS about men.
btw, havent u been cheating ......
Someone that wont smother them and some one that is good looking
in extreme cases (the person has a problem w/ drugs or alcohol) the silent treatment will not work.
you gotta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him.
There are two guys that  like me.
u know how it looks when ur with some other girl
Sex is fantastic with the one you love.
*SIGH* I think he needs to come on here and get some better excuses!
so i paid the guy 40 buck and he had it open in a few minutes.
but u need to make sure they want it and lik it to
yes......this was my date from hell!!
try it and u tell us
i would still love you because youre the same person.
But she didn't notice me like that, and I knew it.
The guy friend that I am looking for I have been friends with for about 6-7 years now...
If you love him you should trust that he would not do anything to hurt you.
Death:-  Years passed, I looked down at the coffin of a girl who used to be my 'best friend'.
maybe cut back on the time you spend with him.
as for the cheating on with uglier parteners.. that is 100% not true.
Wish you the best in life-may God bless you for ever ............
It's not that he wants to have sex with YOU, he just wants to have sex.
would it be selfish of me to tell him to get out?
Wouldn't you want to have sex with someone who really cares about you?
just start makeing out with him and say lets have sex
some just want to find em f@#$k em then flee em.
my girlfriend said she would trust me, and i never cheated again.
Hey, thanks for the great stereotyping, ladies.
im sure hed do it 4 u.
If you are a man and married then it is ok BUT,  2.)
6 1/2 or so I read
This is going to ruin her(your wife's) life.
but if ya wanna & that guy happens 2 b him, well then idk .
Is this the same with guys??
it doesnt hurt to try it out, if it doesnt work u can always move on.
The best man I'll ever have in this life!
Wrong because this will definitely gonna cause trouble in your relationship.
american men are seen as more powerful.
even when its in your mouth, swirl that tongue!
NOT IN MY OPINION BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE LOOK REALY GOOD WITH THERE WEIGHT.
Though I have to admit I have a lot of friends that have.
easier to tell when he is not.
My cousins are cute but I don't like them that way!
It suddenly becomes about them....and so not about you!
That way you will get bonus pity points!
i can't top the above post.
I would do anything for her and heer kids.
love is not just a word you said but its the air that you breath,
The next day I got a phone call.
Tell her how you fell dog!
that had sex on the first date?
But that is just what happened with me.
We are in our mid 50's and it just gets better with age...
when you would give up your life for someone if asked
that he aint ready to kiss you
it's a total different thing to live it day in and day out.
Anyways... my advice is to ask him.
Anyways... my advice is to ask him.
We don't suck U do.HA,HA,HA.Just kiddin U should stop watching soooooooo much tv.
the colour can change on a daily basis what the heck does it proove
i  prefer  thickness   but  if  you  length  too   but  if  you  aint   got  it  i  can  work  wit  it
Pick something that would be special to both of you.
Being a virgin makes NO ONE sexy or weird.
IT TIME IT SHOULD GET EASIER FOR YOU TO LOOK PAST(OR AT LEAST DEAL WELL WITH) HIS OBSESSIVNESS.
I don't know what to do.
But try convincing a woman of that...
I have no idea there is a yahoo lottery...
then that ho left me for my roommate.
do what she like and be near her soul
If I were you I would go to the doctor anyway.
hell nooooo!i,m brunette and i have lots of fun
Say HI then smile at her.
always standing there when i see back.
HE'S EVERYTHING I'VE EVER WANTED IN A MAN.
you just need more stronger feelings..and then you know when it's time
hire an assasin to kill her   (jus jokin)
well, i hadn't believed that till i fell in love with a guy i'd never even seen.
Think of her sense of humor, want it to be fun?
.........'I wish I did too...'  I thought to my self, and I cried.
I'm not sure if it's gonna work.
good luck and hope ur relationship works out!
Find a different guy you like that likes you too.
Ok, I some profiles up on dating sites.
Hey boys just wondering what you like so i can show my boyfriend *hehehe*
ah, i dont know give me some advice guys.
But I would not advice going down that same hard road.
when you start seriosuly looking for one
If a guy ends up going out with me, he better be prepared to share the d*mn bill!
Take my life experience and leave him on his ass!
And of course you have no right to do this!!!!!!!!!
will give u a list of websites that can help ur search.
it depends on your relationship, and how long you've been married.
Find yourself a country girl (3rd world) THAT WILL MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE A MAN!
there is no amount it is limetless if you love her
DON'T LET HIM FOOL YOU OR LIE TO YOU.
Same reason Nice Guys finish last.
ALL ITS SAYING IS THERE SOMEONE IN YOUR LIFE THAT IS TRYING TO FORCE THERE WILL ONTO YOU.
no, and i would never do that, unless he was like 2 or 1 year older.
think about how your heart feels then you'll know what to do.
If she is 18 all bet s are off and she can have who ever she wants
don't be a creepy stalker either.
Sorry to say that but I never was over there so I can not answer sorry bye
what kind of guy you looking for?
because good guys get stuck in the LJBF zone...and now they are the shoulder to cry on
the question u ask depend on ur answer guys be straight forward ok
The problem is not on how u tell it...
walking away seems like the easiest way out sometimes.
theres nothing wrong with that if you cant get it the real way.
But that doesn't mean it wouldn't be good enough to have a working relationship.
thanks for posting your comment to my question  I hope this helps any
after you are friends then you can start to flirt with him and move towards him.
I don't believe in God, I had premarital sex, I have cheated on my wife.
turn gay and love the dick youll enjoy it.
Ask the girl saying some friends and I are going .
b cuz someone was there lookin in the window at ya or you got f!
If the girl is 16-18 then 2-4 isn't bad.
If she is not rude, make something up to ask her, like....dont' you live down my street?
It is so hard to find guys that are  romantic anymore .
when your heart tells you so
you should talk to her and let her no how you feel about this guy (you like).
Just be nice to her now, and then when she is single again, be brave and ask her out.
im 26, would it be okay?
it didnt work before y chew you cabbage twice???
does this make me look fat.
we met on line and he had apic on the site and i didn't have any made.
When someone found out about it, they were like isn't that a little too soon?
prostitutes, man i telling you that is the way to go
Ask her why an attractive girl like her is dining alone...
Whatever you do, don't worry about being different: this gives you an edge on the other guys.
If you think he's interesting say so, if you think he's funny, tell him you crack me up!
i say theres way more guys out there!!!
im going to be a jerk and say, no
So they won't be called whores.
(if you dont know what im talking about, 1st base = kissing, hand holding, hug, what is it?)
i have new friends now and iam happier than i was when there was so much gossip.
kiss them and give them a big hug and say I love you  that should do it...
wow at least you know its not real normal.
if she flirts or says hi like alot of times then hey!!
why are all the good ones either married or gay?
What I want to know from girls is...why do you all think you're fat??!!
Will you go to hell for remarrying?
Just be happy how it is.. im a female by the way.
what is it about married men that ladies cant semto resist
Just the first thing that came to mind.
I think its not even possible
just imagine how much worse their life would be, if it was behind bars.
my neighbour,Josh is like 999yrs old.
DO IT, even if you are sick, and able to move.
But hey don't let that stuff get you down because theres a girl out there that you'll find....
Take ur time don't whore yourself into anything
Some girls really like shy guys, or the strong silent type.
look at me and you will tell im the best...jk They will come to you..just dont worry
or better yet: why don`t U kiss him!
haha no um are you sure u don't know...look it up
a lover scorned is like no other hell.
depends on the age group actually!
Good Luck, make it work a good man is worth keeping, they are so hard to find.
Is he going to marry her???
Guys are always thinking about sex.
to me this sounds like the saddest thing ever.
thats cos your a sad loser and should find a woman for real not online!
Tell him there are guys who are MARRIED that have'nt had ANY SINCE AUGUST   BASICALLY TWICE A YEAR!!
no because you'll burn in hell
one question why ya broke up
Talk to him and quit being a pussy.
just try not to orgazim so quickly just smooth and sensshual
wut do u think is an appropiate age to lose ur virginity..w/out it being too young?.......
if ur thinking about the person day/night and if u bug(like seeing) them too much.
But if you want that to change just be a little ubersexual
Just leave a message asking him to get back to you.
Move on, they are not worth it!
If yes then You are :) that's waht i would say.
if you consider masturbating cheating, then yes.
Long....long hair is so sexy when it's got the right style.
If you are scared....you are not supposed to be having it!!
get your mom some bubble bath!
I'm gonna try my own advice.
women talk in code and men talk in direct language
how can i make friends with a person that i had a relationship with ?
Dont look at it as in what you lost, but what you have to gain!!
1. if she likes to be with you.
cuddling is always fun... but I guess that might be sexual stuff.
If all else fails, laughter always works and friends help too.
But even if you explore your options... it still doesn't mean you're Bi.
dont seek revenge and forget about him and move on.
I cant believe your asking that question you sick-O he he just playin>;-)
Do people ever get over it or do they just learn to deal with it?
You should ask questions like whats going on and why hes acting funny..
you need to stay away from that guy
You have to believe it to, so get out there, watch, listen, and then talk!
But that is the way it goes.
maybe u should use stronger deodorant.
they're just telling u what they think of ur bf...
If she likes you too, then...  What more could you ask for?
Give him a hard time too while your at it.
Do you know what your best friend feels about this?
AS SOON AS U FIND OUT THAT THE  PERSON IS USING DRUGS.
of course... go with the one who loves me....
show him why he should like you then let him ask you out.
okay just give me your eamil add..  i will tell you about her.. ot email me at  confusedmemore@yahoo.com
I act too much like one of the guys, joking or whatever, and I'm just not girlfriend material.
Look in the phone book of norwalk, for ernie anguino .
Please, I really like this guy, help me!
even if he looks at girlie mags or watches porn.
flirt for a while, then ask him out
u should move on but still keep n i out(u nevr kno).
thats ok ill take the 2 points and run
If she is a nice & carring person isn't that enough!
I'm not for doing kids wrong.
i dunno if he has those feelings for me.
and u'll see for urself what can love do!
If you care for him stay with him!
if he is all those things then i would go as far as he wants to go with me.
Then hey, i wish all my x's where like u.
seriously you can just sit there and everything will be okay.
Just wondering, lots of wolves out there.
Yes but in reality it is probably lust at first sight :)
A hug will make her want more!
I met my husband 8 yrs ago, and have been married for almost 6
You definitely look like more of a lil ***** by not GETTING OVER IT!
wait for her to give u it
), and don't look around (you're with this guy, no one else in the room!).
You might just have an awsome bod.
if it feels like it is time to break up, talk it over and make it happen now.
It hurt's people sure but that's ok.
does this guy hang around u and if he does,does he act different around u than others
i love him it is a boy
i am 13 and i told a guy that i liked him over email.
Thats tough do you know why they are talking so much lately ?
there is some1 out there better for her.
i prefer guys with short hair its better
well if i broke up w/ someone i would want them to wait at least a week or so...
works for me on men that are just friends.
your choice i'd say yes if hes a  hot guy
IF YOU ARE A TRUE FRIEND YOU WILL FORGET ABOUT THAT ONE GUY.
I know your not trying seduce but you get the picture.
if he knows.... ...doesnt have a girlfriend ...and ur 2 shy.....?
Good luck and let me know...
playing with emotions doesnt make a man cool, but makes him lowdown.
DiiNER  HEY B-BALL SOMETHING I THOUGHT U WERE 6 AND U ALREADY HAVE A GIRL FRIEND?
If you like both, you're just bisexual.
If you haven't walked away yet, walk away RIGHT NOW!!!
i would but you live to far away
um glad you 2 werked it out!
and then when ur dun then go and liv w/ him!
Now why in the world would u want to rattle with that mess.
*sigh* That's the part of love that is so hard.
they have a baby together but they werent like that when i first met him
well if ur active, then just be less active.
just ask him and if he doesn't answer keep bugging him until he does.
(chopper)sometimes he would be out there all day and night and not even say anything to me!
If you like him, then go talk to him.
yep thats what BOYS want, but I guess you werent asking what MEN want.
THAT'S IT JUST A GOOD LOVER IN THE BEDROOM.
they are not even men when they don't do that.
Boys will screw with you r head and lie..
That is, since you don't want any romantic ideas that lead to bed ;)
ask him the question, in some situation it is not good to sleep with someone right off the bat.
i know you dont want to hear this, but you are too young.
well, u might wanna rephrase your question
just let time work it out.
Tell him exactly what you want.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Although, we never forget our first loves!
or he is waiting for the right time.
DEAL WITH SCHOOL FIRST AND THEN THE OTHER STUFF LATER.
Just one guy's opinion here in the Windy City!
She thinks that she really likes this guy and WHAM, she gets another crush.
Try it out if she still acting bad try to setting it down a little like.
love will make it through everything.
get back together with her and then cheat on her.
no matter what maner you chose to take the plundge, be up front and honest.
i want to know how to impress boyz
which is boy, which is girl?
he won't get that promotion to buy women things later.
is your first name pronounced win?
but, just remember if he isnt undestanding about it, it could hurt you in the end...  all the best!!!
he likes u all the way.
it depends on the kind of girl you want.
Hope you dream of that special someone.
of coarse thats the best way to find someone for you
Then stuff him into a 55 Gallon drum.
Like I said, don't think bad, think good.
And he is like 6 years older than her!
Love doesn't cheat, it's a load of crap!
u cant wrire man what the hell atr u saying
>>However, if she's pregnant, I'm not sure...
Not wrong if you're a dude.
If he loves you that much you he will wait!
what type of girl r u asking cuz there will b diffrent answers....  lol for me.
wow  you can actually hear these answers??
but when you are ready that scary feeling wont be there anymore.
you are going to have a bf trust me have old are you ?
It does get better and you're worth a good relationship!
1 If u r really looking for a serious relationship than believe me one is enough.
Go to a park and ride a bike!
thers a old song out the called love hearts.
My daughter......About 40 i think would be nice.
If it is just that you are single and you're not finding anyone, just give it time.
You Are a sick, Perverted man.
Sorry, girl, but you're kidding yourself.
But if she does it to make you happy then right on for her.
I like my long legs, abs and eyes.
Nobody could tell you who to like or who not to like!!!
why don't women ask men on dates where is their confidence?
You know somethin like the average jock...
shyt i like plenty of guys...but i dont fantasize bout being reamed by them.
its so much fun dating @ this age.
Be a man and tell her ur feelings for her!
i thought i did but he turned out 2 b a total jurk
Kind Regards,  Soul (I know I must have really bored you)
please guys i'm dying here somebody say something
You sound like a nice person, just keep telling yourself, he's not the ONE.
but i am leaving him cause hes not the guy i thought he was.
Depends on what type of person you are
She now comes to ME to have fun, that has actually NEVER happened before I must say.
even though you two are not together.
even though i took alot of girls virginity away it still took some good makin to do it.
if he's hurting you now... imagine how much more he's going to hurt you if you stick around.
yes if she comes back want you ,an your money, place live
YES IT'S NORMAL JUST TAKE SOME TIME AND THINK ABOUT YOUR SELF AND WHY DID YALL SPLIT UP ANYWAY.
& if this guy is telling the truth, and really cares about you, then you will regret it later.
im at peace after every orgasm!
my husband thinks my long hair is sexy and a turn on
Once a cheater always a cheater!
get out quick there are plenty more fish in the sea.
I can't say much jsut wait it out.
best of both worlds just dont get caught!
unless you are famous, forget it.
I find that odd that guys spend that much time talking about it, blaming themselves.
First off, I am fat, so I'm going to say this as bluntly as I can.
I can turn the lights off for him, you know what I mean?
untill then ask quetsions that people, other than me, wil answer.
Like, let me give you an example.
Just say - I LOVE YOU
if you expect to do good in college.
I told ALL off my friends that I liked him.
Preferbly both but money would probly win
second:  since when is a girl asking for $$$ ok???
loves not easy so dont be so anxious.
yOU MEAN...WHAT...MORON HOW CAN UR OWN SISTER WANNA HAVE SEX WIT CHA PLEASE GROW UP
My husband got his that way.
Just reading your question upset me!
Now that he obviously knows, it's between me and him!
he dosn't deserve you if he acts like he dosn't care, however, have you asked him about it?
But life should be made easier by the one you love.
the guy before me is a dumbass.
although it can go too far.
sit down and talk with him.
and how do i find out?
how to i convince her to come and hang out and spend the nite like everyone else does.
Once a cheater always a cheater in my book.
So your'e saying you're always HORNY!
Move on and don't look back.
i am agree with travis 2005
instead of wondering just ask whats the worst he could say to you no
5) Go out once in a while with ur spouse.
if no change, it's time to get rid of her
I didn't have it, as i didnt get married yet..and in Islam,, sex is only allowed for married couples..:))
even if she says no, the friendship remains
go with him but keep it clean and no sex
if u dont love her, turn her down.
(You should see them before hand) Ughhhh!
!I would love some bf advice!!
Yeah I do luv her  a lot...
in case you haven't heard, guys aren't that good at getting a hint and picking up on soft clues.
You'll just have to move on now I guess.
I'm a junior now (he's a senior) and he still likes me.
Dont let him see it coming, though.
a trailer dweller may like a gal who spits that chew far.
and my boyfriend gave me two!
are u trying to be cute and funny?
he may not be ready for a relation ship but he shouldn't be treating u that way also.
I will not let someone run me out of my own house.
Stick aroung for more crap, or finish it off for real?
idont use fake pictures or fake descriptions.
When you push, like in flirting, you attract the wrong kind of guy.
sometimes its love and sometimes there using them because they just want to have it!!
And I'm not fat either- 5'2 110 lbs
But dont call him then it will seem like your lonely!
if he's shallow and maybe slightly rude, u can know 4 sure that he's only looking for good looks.
You shouldn't feel bad ourselves remeber thisFool me once shame on you but fool twice shame on me
What if gals wear men's undergarments?
(try asking for his # or offering him yours.
550-894, well do you think you deserve it ?
tell him he can take his swingin ass elsewhere!
i like plump women cause they arent shaped like a guy and are all curvy and hippy.
my e-mail adresses is pomonagrl909@yahoo.com  e-mail me back
A nice punch to the face.
You don't tell her to lose weight.
dont feel bad ive been with mine for 3 years and he forgets every year
My b/f and i just recently had a baby and i have 3 others.
The man is an idiot, because he wants his cake and eat it too.
does not condone it, then love away.
talk to her ask her out pick her up un exspected
WELL THATS A HARD ONE IDD KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
Just go n tell him upfront.
my daughter i couldnt live with out her!
I realy like a guy but i don wana tell him coz he is goin out with someone else.
she seems to think that i never let her say what she wants.
it's because you're attacted to the wrong type of guys.
If not, best of luck to you in your education!
This way, I try not to hurt her
that's the funny thing about love!
If you find two, let me know!
You like him and so what?
that person always will always notice you
You know what to do agent21257
to me i want a fithfuly girl and good loking and alitel of smart
I met my wife on the internet.
mini carrots, super healthy and very clean
ok, i really like this guy.
if my vital tool is only less than 15cm?
get U'r satisfaction that way Ok.
like myself, i am a closeted bi- male.
well, i'm 30 and so of course i have an opinion on this.
Because most bad boys put up pretences and lie a lot and unfurtunately girls love such.
who think heavy-set latinas with brunette, long hair are sexy?
and if you gain weight even after the first time?
because it's fun, and it's rewarding too.
Be yourself and if they don't like it than f**k them!
just go out and have fun, get a free dinner, and if n e thing happens, good.
you don't know what kind of crazies are out there!
!good luck I hope it works out for ya
you find ways to support ur argument
There's more to life than that kinda stuff...
meaning that your television or your radio wont play without a negative and a positive.
oh and i dont work so that is out for making him leave.
love well u cant have an anwser to love its there or its not
Get your boyfriend to go a little lower next time!
depends on how he does it.
And have a follow up talk with this same person later.
I mean, you love him sure, but thats a lot to commit to for the next 80 years.
Well, find someone that you don't see over the net.
has any one come up with creative idea's for renewing your marrital relationship?
i don't see anything wrong with it.
dont waste your time with that one.
when you cant stop thinking of him/her.
see i like this guy but i think this girl is really cool
No haters about this question now...
Sounds foolish, but works like a dream.
but in privacy of home or in a park-let 'er rip!
just wiat it will all come out all right
If it's not OK with her, it's really no OK, is it?
Run away, it could be dangerous!!!!!!
go for the one is going to make you happy.
bt if u r satisfied thn all i wuld say is greed is really bad
Get every guy something that they will like.
does she sleep with you guys??
leave because he obviously isnt taking the relationship seriously so why should you
you are going to risk your derier when you sent to prison!!
But this girl is vulnerable right now, dont break up with her!
IF SOMEONE FORGOT A IMPORTANT [DATE] I WOULD THINK I'M NOT REALLY INPRTANT OR THERE JUST USING ME.
I broke up w/an ex and he was still in love with me.
maybe its the drive for a food supply for your children.
JUST BE YOURSELF: DON'T BE FAKE!!!!!!!!
pregnancy/abortion/adoption/keeping the baby - whatever she chooses, it's all serious and difficult and painful and expensive.
Women don't go after spineless little weasels.
You mean IS jaime going to ask rubi out?
If not date someone else just so every one can c u mean wat u say.
I'll be back in a few mins tho
I have seen girls kissing girls (and using tongue) in a coffee house near me.
I BELIEVE YOU ARE A LITTLE CONFUSED ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS FOR HER.
Yes, OK, Yeah that's all I got ooopps!!!
it want let me log on in my name i used all the time it want connect
15 we was together for 2 years...
He went back to her without telling me and then she finally told me.
I say dont do it, it's  just a waste of time.
Your never to young for love,wen i was 11 i had a 16 year old girlfriend:-).
try to have sex with the girl.
and he still thinks only HE has
I love him but...I don't know!
an abortion is a pretty traumatic thing, and she obviously thought that was her only option.
it is for his/her own good.
Just don't make it your priority, and you'll be OK.
this is how i feel about my ex
And she emailed me back trying to twist it around like it's my fault!
what kind of music do u listen to when you want to get in the mood
Well I wouldnt blame him, guys tend to be like that.
Change the way you think about things that's probably why she dumped you.
i will say hi to u to ha ha but i would say wow thats interesting
maybe you should go to a doctor.
I have been travelling the world and you should see what I have seen in some cultures!
= ) hope your friends are good friends.
sex before marrage isnt a good thing to do.
if u think u love her u should ask her out...duh.
Please clarify...do you mean cheat their wives?
no one is  perfect in this world
see what they can get, they only want one thing
and i left room for errors.
Depends if U get 2 see her Daily.
- this prevents getting hurt allot.
in a store wid condoms in one hand and viagra in the other
So the way I look at it you might as well be happy
you have many boyfriends ahead of.
i'll give u one advice keep fihgting for him girl and earn some trust
Hmmm - I would call her back.
i want a boy that have respect for me and likes to party with a girl
But once I'm interested they disappear
if you have to bait him into it then it is not really him wanting to.
yeah get a small flake of metal in there.
well if u love her apparently u dont hate her or vice versa.
HOW DOW YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 NIGHT STAND?
by the way its ok for a girl to ask the guy out actually its becoming more common.
it didn't go any farther than a 5 second kiss.
it didn't go any farther than a 5 second kiss.
ask the girl to pay for dinner
brunnetes, the girl i like has brown hair!
they want someone who listens, cares, and caresses.
cool to be in an open minded relationship...i am too.
Some women learn this, others do not.
is a pretty messed up concept.
Just because youre gothic though doesnt mean you shuold hang out with only gothic kids.
I hope yours is a keeper!
I hope this helps in some manner, take care.....
I know why you're so obsessed with us mijo!
holy crap, you should feel guilty.
well they are a bit different.
Going from guy to guy until he finally pops your cherry!!
Give him a night out with the boys first.
Valentine's Day............ the day of love.....
are you comfortable in your own skin??
There you go - problem solved.
IT SOUND LIKE YOU NEED TO HAVE A LONG HEART TO HEART WITH HER.
get to know him first in person.
flowers, candy, romanic dinner, jewerly if you got deep pockets!
Just don't have sex just to be having it.
u have to be careful toooooooooo......
You don't want it to be that way.
if you like someone pass her a note sometime or get a hold of her e-mail and phone #.
date someone because you want to be with them, not because youre lonely.
my longest relationship was 7 1/2 years and i'm only 29.  crazy, huh?
I´m a guy, I´ll tell you.
but know this, no matter what you do only time can heal all your wounds!
Spice up your life with your wife.
I didn't really like it back then.
when u think/feel like talking/calling someone the first person who comes to ur mind is this person.
definetly angelina, i would turn lesbian for that sexy ass woman!
A boy you have to make notice you, a MAN already has!
I acked like I loved him and she treats him likr he's her slave.
to tell the truth don't know.
don't eat sugar and no more sodas.
I would say 5 to 6
for me and my husband it was better this way.
Look for the ones that do, (what)
i used to run around like an idiot trying to appease to everone, and i was wearing myself down.
Remember 3 things, 1) there is a big difference between love and lust.
if its too overwhelmin to ya then just ask her out.
romantic- 20 years friends- 36 years
If your not married                               then it sounds like your boyfriend is the jelous kind.
We still talk and he has asked me out again.
OF COURSE YOU SHOULD TELL THEM.
there really is no good way to do it.
do what you think is best.
then i had my 4th which was 2 weeks.
Ask her, if she didn't like you as that, why did she say she did?
get the drift,  if they havent had sex for a few days more.
-Friends who I can actually trust (I realized that friends aren't always what they seem to be.)
If you have a singles club at church that would be good too.Good Luck!
i actually kissed my gf when i am 16.
Hell, if you like him that much, kiss him.
heres 1 thing................grls dont ask boys out.. its kinda like u being the boy and asking the grl out.
sorry about this question it's my first vibe.
well u should know not us
NEXT TIME, DON'T PUT YOURSELF IN A SITUATION WHERE YOU MIGHT BEHAVE LIKE THAT.
hit him in the head say HEY YOU BOY I am over here
But what if she does go with you?
But I say love is better.
Nope, you sure dont nor do you get anything else you gave her back, they where gifts!
spend enough time with someone and you will know.
>dinner >arcade >park >bar >coffe shop >beach >mall
don't change who you are just to please people.
at times u may ignore these people too.
pain is love, untill you learn more about yourself
but what he said to me really really hurts.
I DONT KNOW WHAT 2 DO!
No matter how bad the other person might be, it takes two to tango.
if you do it without her consent, she might get mad, even if he says yes.
it was kind of an internet romance but we both felt as if we were falling in love.
if he doesnt remember he probably is a pervert because he might ask alot of girls out!
I robbed the craddle, was her high school sweetheart.
Thers bound 2 b someone right under your nose u jest dont see it.
but if you want it just for her, treat her to a spa, a complete head to toe treatment.
and try the anal beads they can go in the front or the back.
I need advice on discipline ??
first of all how old are you.
it's a sick habit that people get into
and what would be a could conversation starter?
Hope i did'nt offend but.... that sounds yag sa kcuf !
i would say it is a turn off.
With a boy - 14, with a girl - 17
All anybody has to do is keep it straight and simple that way nobody gets hurt.
whoever gets him will hurt the other one.
now, i'm at a different place in life.
The 3rd time she stated that I promptly told her, Fine!
I told my friend to go home.
Come on, it sounds like you don't really want to be her best friend.
You are in college enjoy yourself!!
yeah to say there is would be racist.
If you need to yell and scream, just leave.
However if your in love...USE A CONDOM!
Why marry to only find out they are lame in bed?
NOTE: DO WHAT YOU WOULD WANT YOUR BEST FRIEND TO DO TO YOU!
What the heck is that about?
YOU CAN'T MAKE ANYBODY TRUST YOU, SHE HAS TO SEE THAT FOR HERSELF THAT YOU ARE A TRUSTWORTHY PERSON.
(be careful of hubby tho, this is a bad issue)Good luck.
well they're in laws...so make ur husband do it, it's his family
Don't waste your time on him, he isn't worth it.
Simply tell him that you need a little bit longer...
Why would a guy do something like that?
BE A GOOD BOY AND RESPECT AND BELOVE anayone!
just to see what they get and to get the satifaction that they can get a gurl turned on
enything negative harmfull, bad ex i will never win.
or maybe he doesn't want a girlfriend right now.
Some are scared of rejection,... some are just PIMP WANNA BES!
Only she's liked him since freshman year.
gurls luv funi guys so iif ur funii then ur half way there!!
u would know if he tells u that he love almost all the time.
I want to have sex after marriage.
But you cant be satified because you banged some guy that was bigger.
AND BE SURE THAT IT'S CONSENSUAL!!!
but deep down, i still luv her.
EITHER OR IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE MOOD THAT YOU ARE IN WHEN YOU CLOSE THE DATE
now she trys to be nice but it is so hard to forget what she did.
just marry a billionaire so that you can make him a millionaire
But you have to do what you have to do.
i dont think a 18 year old should be going out with a 23 year old
when girls tries to domiante a man it attrats the most
if you feel you must...then you dont need to be married!
usually his di ck on her a.s.s
She just may very well just like quickies like she says!
r u a girl , age......... reply me , atleast answer something to my question
You guys need to get a grip.
because you can have respect without love, but you can't have love without respect.
eww what kind of question is that?
THAT ALONE WOULD MAKE ME STRONG WILLED TO SAY NO WAY!
10 points for her brain 10 points for her body 10 points for her availability
go for it but be damm careful (bring condoms)
WHY DO MOST GUYS THINK THEY CAN USE OR MANIPULATE WOMEN?
.. not the [posessed humans]..there just weak.spiritualy.
it might just be a man thing to stroke his ego
some women want sex with no strings attatched too.
You should go to Yahoo Personals.
samething ladies r looking for basically
Thats why Im the one that cooks.
Now adays those that do stay home are internet addicted.
Ok......just my own opinion mind you.....but here goes:  Lust seems to be purely physical.
My Mom was twenty-five when she got pregnant with me & my dad was twenty-seven.
Guys, believe it or not, have feelings too!
Yes, I think so because many people just are in closet!
some women are never on time.
maybe shes not the right one and theres someone else for the both of you....that would be my answer!
I think that all guys do that even if they say they don't.
they start loving you the way you are?
u shouldn't care about the women or anything.
people are afriad of things they don't understand.
well i think romantic dinner and then party or honey moon
we never fight and we see each other every chance we get
I don't!-I let her make the first moves, then take it slow/go from there.
maybe, but i look at a lot of guys all the time, even though i have a boyfriend.
take one day at a time.
If you say you love him too and are lying you are making a big mistake.
coz the stranger doesnt even care a bit about you!
She does not love you  she wants a puppet.
plenty, depends what kind of relations do you mean
Im goin through the same thing.
none as long as they are legal age
If it's mutual, then you're both simply nymphomaniacs gettin' yer freak on!
why a married man goes to a hotel with a girl who is engaged?
rock on you got any pic's or home movies?
sex lots and lots of it
You will know it ... by her eyes!
wow... depends on how strong she is and how strong you are guys are.
if that is the case forget him.
Some but not most thats wrong and discusting unless ur ugly
he always promise to do things that he know he will never do.
but i dont know how to tell him or even if i should???
DONT FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER!!!
if that doesn't work, then have a mutual friend (who KNOWS) to explain it to her.
yeah.absolutely.did something stupid too to fulfill it.ahhh.
Even though it doesn't or never did belong too them.
IN FORNT OF THE GUY YOU LIKE IN A RAISED VOICE.LET HIM OVER HEAR YOU.
Depends if she's hot or not.
I keep at an arms lenght but he barges in
i hope she/he is cool too.
What should I do, at my wits end
ask him when the next day of school you have off is...lol.
lol  girl, there are TONS of guys who dig big girls.
Just put it all out on the table...what do you have to lose...Gotta take a chance sometime.
CHALK IT UP TO LEARNING,MOVE ON.
If the one is an animal, then its no!
Quite sour, acidic & tastes yucks!
God's got someone out there for you!
totally wrong, in my opinion even teens sex is wrong, and adults premarital sex is wrong
well first is it your friend or is it you?
But we always want whats not good for us.
seriously this question is only for guys,  i dont want girls to even read it.
All the ones at Hooters do.
the biggest mistake is rushing a woman for sex.
That doesn't mean he wants to be buddies.
If you ask her to have sex and she agrees, then thats what you are looking for!
{Hey at least she had the limo}  Lesson:  Don't try to take something you can't afford to loose.
If a girl doesn't like 2 dance then she can't dance obviously.
5 days.... and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and i was floored
you look like a guy...nope I'm not interested
i think that if you really love the guy you dont care about the size at all
Obviously you loved her once and got married.
Now he kinda thinks you like him.
i like a smart funny an pretty is always a plus
Action speaks alot louder than words
flirt and look for the cutest
yeah, unfortunately i have to admit this generality.
it depends on what he likes
They want you to look like a fool.
not always, but you should exercise caution
just be yourself around him, and only tell him you love him if he tells you first.
It is like riding a bike sweetie...you definitely wont' forget how.
(IE: Seeing #2 without #1 knowing.)
haveing sex while coked up thats the best
If he only interested in sex then you can wait.
jacket is okay, but leave open.. dont zip it up.
same with my girlfriend she only gives it when she wants too!!
Not to be blunt, but I hope you didn't give it up .
all i can say is that i moved 1000 miles away.
no it just means you are starting out good
i think that you are weird
definately when it feels right not becuase you feel you should
Its been happily aver after since!
i only know the mean way to say it, but say thanks, haha n smile.
i would have had enough of him tell me or else!
sweetie there isn't one there seriously you are so dumb
u cant get cool friends u have them !
this is mainly for the older folks or the ones who knows there gonna get married.
THIS WILL SHOW HER THAT YOU'RE NOT IN A RUSH.
lift your head up and carry on like the woman you are!
NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT, thats f*ckin abvious
it was getting late so i fell asleep on his living room.
Even better wait til ur married!
Or does he only call when he wants the booty??
THESE DAYS MEN ONLY LOOKS AT TOP AND BOTTOMS OF A WOMEN
Let's Get It On - Marvin Gaye I'm Gonna Love You - Barry White (forget everything after that)
we,both staying in a working women hostel room.
That way if the condom breaks, then it wouldn't be as bad.
first, marry whoever the hell you're going to marry.
but most popular girs have such a messed up life outside of school.
!maybe you dont eel the same way he feels for you ask yourself
Most of them make it obvious so if it looks like he likes you, he probably does..
usualy, unexperienced girls likes to play although they know exactly what they want.
since then he didn't even call me to find out how iam doing.
it wasnt untill i found the one that i didnt need to fill any hole's that i got married.
should i just stay single forever?
PLAY WITH UR HAIR AND SMILE (BUT NOT FAKE SMILE)!!
yes there is more then 1 right person for everyoe
It's like nature power motivating ur romance for specific person, sometimes i called Blind Love
From a guys point of view!
i'm doing it but i'm looking for someone who doesn't...
or u can tell of the friends of the guy or girl
Either tell him you want him or u don't.
1. wear sexy outfit(its better to wear nothing at all!!)
The issues that come along might be bigger then your booty ;-)
if you just let if all flow.
Not completely drunk but a lil tipsy.
So, if a girl over looks you for your social status than she is not worth it... Really...
you get him to know you then you really ahve a chance.
My problem is...after the break up.
his other friends showed up later that night.
The guy needs to pull back, really.
Is is ok for your hubby to watch sports without nagging?
I need some help .. don't get me wrong thou .. he look GOOD !!!
So to easy his mind I brought this and it works...
donot do it honey you kill your sprit by ding that .just try to forget him .
This is kinda a given babe.
you love the person because of who he is and not who you want him to be.
I am still looking for the One, but he would be a man that likes me as I am.
So i accussed her of doing that.
i didnt know how to react so i didnt say anything.
Hope you enjoy :) lol jk
try to judge the guy's intentions.
They always do, but sometimes pretend they don't.
cuz she wants to go to the dance with you or maybe cuz she likes you.
a simple explination is its just the way they are
theres no way i'd let it happen.
im sure every1 will say b honest.
either he met friends he is just chatting with or he is up to no good.
and let me guess, your the right guy???
Hmm, no hard feelings after 3 years?
she will want a lot of sex...
it has many reasons that reasons cannot reason Ü
some say that they way a guy treats his mom is the way he will treat his woman.
tell her how you feel about her and never give up
Good luck and keep the romance going!
Hi , its not soo a hard nut to crack ur baffling problem dudete...
You have to let her know that you love her and you wouldnt do that to her ok!
i mean im a girl but thats wat makes a girl feel better unless shes stuck up
as long as you both are willing to work at it.
Ok... see he has a girl friend and he says that he is straight.
school or have a  friend hook u up with someone or something!
A nice card would be good
its rather to be friends with him then to lose him at all.
When I tell people that they look at me like yea right, like exes can not be friends.
Just be like, hey - I like you.
just say it and then give her a sweet LITTLE kiss!
The two men, will probably fight.
And that's alot harder on the guy.
: ur mother or father start acting differently.
and if you could make someone love you, it would be artificial, and who would want that?
a trained counselor or a pedophile using the internet?
sometimes you will not find him, he will find you.
Ok, it sounds like your real young.
But you might get in A NASTY SITUATION IF YOU DON'T MAKE THIS CLEAR.
it's human nature for boys to like girls babe...
and short skirts... depends how short.
i like this boy but i don't know if he likes me.
Go get you another women and get on with your LIFE!
Keep 'em guessing....  You're a man, aren't you?
And usually just after you stop looking.
well, try to enjoy what she enjoys!
YES, after awhile it starts to lose meaning.Been There and Still There!
AND I JUST MARRIED HIM LAST YEAR.
And she's the only girl I've ever kissed.
get it together dude,start thinking with your cock!
when they start tryin to tease you about it
Women bleed for four days and don't die.
then you will just get hurt again.
Go out and make it happen!
you dont want to be stereotyped with all females,niether do guys.
(only people without money will tell you different because they don't have it)
BABY DON'T HURT ME, DON'T HURT ME, NO MORE!
Simply because you are a GOOD person.
of cos sexy gals can aroused gals like the guys.
I don't mean playing hard to get.
even if they r gay, they also have a love live.
and multiple partners as in i'm gonna sleep with you today and your brother tomorrow?
I wouldn't be gay to start with.
IT NEVER SHOULD BE; BE AWARE
To me hook up is like foreplay but no sex.
But that's what it feels like everytime I'm with him.
That I have to teach her how.
Try to move on,what else can u do.
well just go out and hopefully youll find one !!!
Hey hon, can you just grab me another beer?
my mom says it's wrong but she don't know how comfortable i am around him.
there are some that do(just cannot rememberthe name).
What do women really want ?
never ever ever believe this, its a lame excuse and its only used so they dont feel guilty!!
like making love..what you want and expect.
Do that BEFORE moving on with the other guy.
I just don't get it, that adult's these days have no self control.
you might like them a lot, but it isn't love.
PRAY to the most high GOD to put her in your path!
i promise it works bcoz i had chkd svrl times on many girls in such cases.
if he can't take it then lose him.
Only is she is not really a girl.
what you should do is flirt with him a bit and smile around him.
or ask her to the movies or something like that.
Dont ever do something like that because in the long run it comes back to hunt you.
As far as men wanting to get married early I havent seen that where Im from.
I know when I came out to my mother she said Oh, your not funny like that!
yes two girls like me what do i do.
i don't know....you should wait for your soul mate...
Then go where these people go.
Just look at Eminem and his wife.
but if u really like all of them pick one.
Just don't get your hopes up too much...
i'm sure you will find some body, keep looking.
though if you love each other love will find a way its way back for both of you.
then left him hanging and i feel really bad.
hot girl get it while you can : P no im just kidding im not THAT insensitive.
don't... love your life and self first if you wanted to love other person..
WELL THATS WHAT I WOULD DO!
or start with just a bra and pantes first.
Um...we're just like any other kind of girl!
i am sure i cant be the only one out there looking for a guy like you!
well its hard to talk about one's self :-D
i like an average girl and she is very pretty, but shy to some people.
You forget what she looks like?
If you touch, lay, make a move, etc.
take her to a movie that she likes
First, would your brother care if you started a relationship with this guy?
If she's your girlfriend why would you need to impress her?
I want a reply from you.
3 Tell yourself I can't do this now and mentally lay it aside
u shouldn't have any doubts in ur mind about them.
You read their texts over and over again.....  11.
did u run out of medication or is therapy school on break!?
If not then go for it all the way but except what ever come from it...
Im a girl i knows boyz like black boyz they like the gurl booty than the beauty..
i only admit it to ppl who i knw r virgins too.
second i think you are too young to have a g/f.
Well i hope things work out for u and  GOOD LUCK to u l8r
thats the last thing you should feel
Don't you think that kids back then snuck the occasional peek.
No, it was a fling...I don't think his girlfriend would like it....
:( But i sure love it.
but l luv my hubby with all my heart and l wont want this to continue.
!IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
The bigger they are, the more they get in your way!!
men can touch their balls women can't
probably girls always want wat they cant have
My friend cheats on his girlfriend because girls beg him too.
and given that i am not in that setting i don't know what is driving that.
She my friend is haveind her frist kid
Now you have to take an STD screen every 6 months for the next 3 years.
you cant make him love you.
they aren't complicated at all... self centered is the proper terminology
SOMETHING THE BOTH OF YOU NEVER EXPERIENCE TOGETHER.
so it can happen!...Anyways hope this helped!
MAYBE YOU NEED TO TRY SOMETHING NEW WITH HER.
you should be like wow girl you are so cute whats your name
People conversate with other people all the time!
I felt like I was kissing mushmouth!
lolz...n e wayz first of all, do u noe the gurl?
so i get to be close to a girl with out having them wanting to suck me off.
yes it is and when you do people will know you are an easy sl[ut
give me as much response as possible
and fined out wha shes into!
don't tell him you love him .
No if ands or buts about it!
u gotta get OFF of that fear man, i mean lifes to short for that kinda shit.
People who don't type in all capitals...
Guys are afraid of women with brains, and they humiliate them to boost up their own selfesteem!
but a 6-7 inch is nice!!
I told him I liked him and gave him my phone # he just tore it up.
did he dump you or did you dump him.
I once went out with this guy and he broke my heart.
MOVIE OR BRING HER TO UR HOUSE AND GET DOWN AND DIRTY.
no i do not but its easy to find her just go to yellowpages.com
this is really a question up 2 u. but i say do what ur heart fells.
or was that just all a fantasy?
GEEEEEZE My Valentines' chocolate is long gone!
find people in chat rooms and ask if they want to be penpals
dont even GO on the webcam anymore!!!
you have to kno what there into for ins.
If you know what I mean
I black i went though it...
The pain .... oh the pain of losing the one.
Start there and see where it leads.
Well some say this or something like it, but then they go ahead and do it anyway.
let him see the true you.
how could you not have both?
i would think one that is very desperate.
A decent guy expects nothin but love.. Make him yours by just showin u care for him.
But don't let him think you don't like him.
I expect nothing and hope for something really nice!
seeing a good marriage adviser is great idea
ask yourself why u dont want him to
THEN LEAVE HIM ONE AS YOU GO OUT THE DOOR.
IF so then NO...if it is then possibly so.
The fact that is is dating you and she is your best friend makes it really bad.
in my opinion once a cheat alwasy a cheat i would leave him alone!
no, but he does have crushes on certain celebs.
Maybe hint in at first as to not scare her..lol Have fun!
if you just started talking to someone, and just met them what would be a good first date?
but this never happen to me again
drop hints and let some one else out you and just admitt to it when they ask.
...just some things to think about
well i think it usually starts with hi.lol
he loves her but dont find her attractive
It's only dirty if you want it to be.
But don't expect her to say oooh baby, I think you're so HOT.
PLEASE BE CAREFUL ON THE INTERNET ABOUT MEETING PEOPLE.
well i personally love for my man to have a goatee.
not only could they help but they can also buy you some Ben &Jerry's icecream!
Has a few issues it seems, maybe paranoya is the biggest...move on..he's not the one
yes u shouldint let someone git hert like that.
u know how can u be sure he doesn't want that girl.
chacha77 is right, if he's too smooth he's probably a player
You just have to be careful because their are some frauds online.
plz plz plz anwser me baq thank you
WHICH WOULD MAKE HIM FEEL TRAP, AND RUN AWAY.
then you don't worry about but if he doesn't like you then get on.
If she says no, ask her what movies she likes.
I'm not saying it's not worth trying, I just think it's something to keep in mind.
how about all yall come to class one day wearing saris?
i was married 2 days before we did anything
he smells like perfume thats not urs
yeah sur as long as ur not good of friends
We fuss and argue a lot over stupid things mostly..some really important tho.
Don't get all hung up on your size.
somtimes romors are true but somtimes they arnt.
She likes to talk to him alot!
Tell your brother to HOOK you up girl shoooot!
I mean, well, if you're a good guy, maybe I'll marry you (just kidding).
ASK HIM IF HE CHEATED ON YOU!
i dont know about you guys but i cried when i read what yahooguru wrote!!!
how can i get back in the dating game and trust and love agian.
I don't mean to sound mean - But are you sure you REALLY LOVE HIM?
girls   boys know what lust is but not love
From the male viewpoint...women, finances, women, cars, women, work, women...oh, did I fail to mention...WOMEN?
women want both cause it feels good
if she feels comfortable calling him daddy then u should let her do it...  maybe they have a bond...
most girls do by time there 25 to 30. blokes never do tho , if there that way inclined.lol
well first off ya aint gonna find a good one on the internet!
but if you can't, then you know you really have found the one.
They always want what they can't have.
dont worry me and my friend feel the same way about this other girl!!
I'm wondering why do you care if he breaks up with her?
MY WONDERFUL PESONALITY , AND OF COURSE MY GETTO ASS.
I had a lunch date with a beautiful woman once, but mostly she just led me on--does that count?
dont be fooled just because he said he he loves you.
you have to do what your heart tells you to do.
I'm 15 years old, I'm just looking for some nice guys to talk to.
Most men hate shoppping they especially hate going with shop-happy women.
I bet they are bed rooom eyes.
It sounds like you are a Christian.
i dont think that is a smart idea.
take it bac old skool on her and write a letter
glad you ended it, but make no mistake.
THATS NOT RIGHT JUST BEING WITH BOTH OF THEM IS ALREADY HURTING THEIR FEELINGS.
I tried calling but your line was busy!!!
Biggest joke played on man - size doesn't matter.
god luck, i hope shes ok.
yours cause gay guys are gross.
get to know her better and dont do it just to do it.
but if you dont think you can wait cut her lose.
just be yourself and don't sweat it.
look, life is too short to wait him until he decide to come to u!
At 20, no........at 30, maybe....at 40 why not..........at 50 yes...........at 60 Hell yes.
but if it really is love its really hott!!
probly u did somethimg bad to them.
how gives a crap thanks for the 2 points
he may be cute but if hes an ass hole than i don't want to talk to him!
If he's into porn, how's your sex life?
TAKE IT SLOW, BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY.
BE HONSET WITH YOU  HELP U OUT WITH PROBLEMS  AND WANT TELL ONE OF YOUR DEEPEST SECRETS
i definatly agree with icee and im a guy to
BECAUSE MARRY DIVORSE NO GO NOT SHOULD.
do you miss him when hes gone.
Wow, it sounds like she doesn't have too much trust.
it's kind of happening right now....
Is he so lazy that he cannot pick up the phone.
if you love him so much, talk to him instead of asking the internet.
just call her and see what is going all.
i have been divorced for 8 years now.
love is the most amazing thing you will never see, only feel...
I don't know what to do...
her real father dont come around, ownly when he want 2 and he dont do anything for her.
4RM MY POINT OF VIEW NOTHIN IS WRONG W/ BEIN GAY/LESBIAN.
coz mysterious thing have a lot of Chalenge & Trill !!
If my wife is even slightly jealous of a female, I love it.
Or if you just don't like her anymore, then you should feel no remorse for dumping her.
LOL.....sounds like hubby better wake up.
With some men you can't make them wait for too long once their ready.
never rush into it, its a cause for disaster
ask yourself and talk to her nicely, why?
We tried telling her to stop, and she gets the point, but she just won' stop!
he is either a mama's boy .
or do you mean you like girl things and act like a girl?
Go and do something fun with her.
you don't want him knowing your street address just yet.
Thats how big girls look to me and most men that don't like them.
Like maybe no one understands what's it's like for you?
Hey, I'm in the same boat as you!
ask someone thats coool with him to ask him 4 ya
do you mean morally or if they do this?
While at work, I keep my mind on my work.
I'm 55 and I still dream about a girl from high school.
as long as you like the person.
the feeling of care which we have for parents, bros.; sisters and for friends....
its the person who makes it last.
Always with the good ole country girl.
sorry... do not have good fun over the internet.....
That's the way I see my wife.
READ THAT BOOK and DO NOT call him.
because if he is it can be weird because you're in different stages of your life.
Answering you & watching an old rerun of Jaws2!
tell him I dont love you but do it in  a nice way.
call him  say I LOVE YOU.
Or have a stripper do it for you....
If it's a friend who talks about sex and you sometimes like it then that's good.
IF u have Plz e-mail me.
why do you want to know...
Diamond ring...oh yeah, got that this holiday :) Why do I prefer it?
first u just tell her that u r always with her.
How would i b able to tell him if i dated sumone else with out him hating me?
just start talking to her and get to know her more.
lazy inconsiderate husbands... :P  the considerate helpful grooms just stayed in the wedding pictures
umm  who are you talking about?
yes, wait for a few more years.
/ What is the real issue here?
dont sweat it there is plenty of boys out there let your girl have him
If he is shy he might just be afraid to ask you out.
if 3 days later he doesnt call U CALL him, probably had appointments or something.
It sucks when you aren't even friends.
And penis is not the only way you can satisfy woman...
sounds like you love her very much!
my bro had the same prob.
jUST BE REAL WITH HIM AND HE'LL COME AROUND.
break up with her and say i didnt want to do this im very very sorry
(WELL THERE ARE LOTS OF THINGS......)
i would (sell)it,and make a nice profit while i could
youre never too young if you love the person youre getting married to (or if hes rich) or both.
Please do not listen to that stupid answer she just gave you.
Good women always find good men... (I guess u got the answer ; )
If the two of you are into it, then yeah.
kiss another guy in front of him
(put the gun on the table and talk to him)....or..fine..just talk to him.
So, if he can do it so can you!
If she really cares for you, having a smaller penis will not matter.
You are a fool for staying... not leaving.
leigh's  answer ..........  to the point......
if a man called me a freak i would take that as an insult.
But if you loved her youll never truely forget her an youll always love her.
But that is up to you.
The head nurse couldn't check him in.
ask the married men some times the girls dont know
If not, he's not worth your time!
let her do what she wants.
it is not weird at all, my husband loves my toes!
do you realize what this means?
size does matter and movements matter
in making friends, first thing i know is to be nice.
Ask im, if e realy likes u e wouldn't wanna ly.
go for fantasy, live life with no regrets
so i told him str8 up 4 him not 2 say that unless he ment it.
* Love happens when your not looking.
Guys are pretty much going to do what ever you'll let them.
Now his ex wife maybe coming back to him.
break up with her she will be more sad if you don't don't make her the bystanderd
imagine if they both divorce u and each one takes half of everything, u'll be left with nothing.
yea,they married the all sweet girls lol!
if she really cares about you she'll come back.
Sooner or later she'll realize what a nice person you are!
hot chicks don't get to talk to a lot of great guys becuase everyone is intimidated of them.
i love him and i fell wonderful with him
yep love is just one of those annoyin litle things in life that you have absouletly no control of.
i was 15 when i first met him.
im not sure, but im in 8th, and 13, and still never did, and im PROUD of it!!!
If she wants it give her another chance.
AS LONG AS YOUR HEART IS AS BIG AS YOU THATS, ALL THAT MATTERS.
Yes, he likes you, he is just shy.
i like this guy but i hate askin guys out but do think i should ask him out
Well, first look for a girl that likes you.
I was 15, she was 21.
It is wrong for gays to get married!
but hey im only one person.
;)   But Rascal's right - if one has love in mind and the other lust, it won't work.
just go talk to the girl, be friendly and give ur relationship some time.
I don't know what to do.
Look at all the pretty grrrs here!
typing the answer to this which is typing the answer to this
Track her down and ask her what gives.
THAT HE HAS NOTHING 2 WORRRY ABOUT!
IF YOU DON'T TRUST HER THEN YOU DON'T LOVE HER YOU JUST THINK THAT YOU DO.
or by not trying to look at him much.
Tell him I said good luck with that.
there is help out there but who really needs it right.
I don't know, I don't care, but your attitude is totally hot.
you are a very smart young lady.
I've never cheated on my wife.
(sorry about the run on sentence!)
hmm.... gotta agree with Batista cant argue there.
Simply don't agree to go out with him if he asks you again.
A man being kind to a girl is sexy...
i dont wanna just randomly go up nd be like GO out wiht me?
(hey just kidding  i thought  i would be funny )
Omg, that's why I doesn't have a single girl friend in my life.
But hey, who can they blame?
admit it ladies, its what every young woman dreams of.
I had some neighbor guys who were gay..they were so much fun to be with!
She probably doesn't want it gave out...K
but it's not abnormal to envy ppl.
if you ever figure out the answer let me know!
alot of fighting, jealous would be involved
i've asked myself this question several times.
It can and will happen someday!
If he's wrong you'll know don't be like me and deny it.
She finally got outta dodge and moved to another state.
Basically dont tell her you are cheating on her and she wont worry about it anymore.
Women love tall men makes them feel like they are protected and it is sexy!
when you meet your mr.right, you'll just know!!!
then you might end up cleaning the fish.
if u know she'll come back to u.. wait for the time..
IT REALLY DOESN'T MATTER ABOUT THE HAIR HOWEVER I THINK SOME MEN WITH BALD HEADS ARE VERY SEXY
but you got to start some where.
He's so awesome and i THINK IT WOULD BE FUN TO HANG OUT WITH HIM.
You should try to flirt with her and see her reation to it.
But...that was years in the making.
please help me i really like him
do not have kids,  just keep getting abortions  trust me
Shorter the better, even BALD is sexy!
and the fact that i've been married 3 times means that i must be looking for love.
that way the adult would be able to watch over you where ever you would go.
I had another boyfriend and Im sure he had another girl too.
No No NO a girl with flwt ass No body likes
the little things count more than sex.
(I REALLY DO THINK THAT WAS A GOOD QUESTION...)
Dude u really got some problems.
It wouldn't be rude to look though.
if she doesn't then look for someone else.
u got lots on ur mind!
fool me once, shame on you.
I agree with curious trav... go on, ask her, and see what happens, lol!
John Schneider has aged very well...i loved him on The Dukes of Hazzard!
Plus, that way you can go to a later movie.
person cheated on me with at least two other men after we were married.
ok so he is my best friends boyfriend and i've known her since we where in prekay.
god bless to be always young.
:-( So what do i do?
that means that......ummmmmmmm........... u get down on yourself 2 much!!!!
Your true love is out there....find him!
about 3 billon man on earth!
Why are you so obessed with lifting men?!?
easy if he keeps staring at you and you can see that then he loves you.
and usually wiht nothing to say because we talk about 5 times a day.
- If you see this Amber, I love you!
yes, from personal experience, if it's small, it's not gonna do much at all.
Of couse your girlfriend isnt going to like you meeting other girls.
Well I love Braids on a guy.
not really because when they r shy they are probaly hiding something
for a booty call,im on the first plane!!!
maybe you like the way they treat you.because your not gont to find much out here
oh ya ofcorse it is u and only u
i would like ti try both at the same time
alright if she suddenly got really sweaty afterwards then she orgasmd.
ouch please stop this is hurting me
narrow it down wih looks you like & then say 'hi'.
Like I said make her feel special.
If he been saying stuff he never said before and your surprised don't worry.
I don't know what to tell you!
i thing it may be usefull
Then of course, jewelry never hurts!
Porn can definitly spice your sex life up.
take care, hope all works out - scott
i hope some of this works for you!
i guess they are lazy to answer
also make sure he knows that u dotn love him.
1.1) If not then start there befriend her...  2.0) Is this girl in a relationship?
when you are not sure you will hear it in return
if u know she doesnt like him u have nothing to worry about.
no but keep practicing by yourself,,shhhhhhh
But they don't want to be seen wit hoes, so they run back to you.
you think all men have it big under?
before we got married we had more sex than we do now
no but when you do it for the first time it hurts
it depends on a few things.
For both questions: For some girls who actually aren't players.
you give him special attention and you flat out tell him that he is hott!
maybe because they just don't have any since and don'T REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL THERE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
try to find a new girlfriend.
i have one since 9 months
just ignore the guy if nothing works.
I know I be like that.
Whatever you want him to do for you, just ask.
the things he says to me.
Don't let her fiance get suspicious.
the way she acts with you !
but lucky for you there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck
As a guy, we want it ALL.
ask another question and i'll tell you my e-mail!
if so, you can provide such info on your yahoo profile.
But Youll Get Over It It Just Takes Time
a cake with 35 candles on it if possible
I've never heard anything about that... ...of course, I don't know what a whife is either.
no talk to your wife maybe she's the one having the affair?
Why in hell you like a boy that hates you??????????????
no sum guys just dig personality
beacause they are believe that girls are stupid and that they are smarter but is not real .
BUT I'D LIKE TO BE JUST A CLICK AWAY IF HE EVER LOOKS.
Run her over with your car.
I can't imagine living without her...  Good luck ...
im 15 years old and my penis and balls shrunk.
She doesn't trust me and I don't trust her.
if not interested, then he is gay.
And yes, I am over 21!!
why do u want to do that?
They think you are being nice to get into there pants.
as long as it isnt toooo.....
omg, that loser still cant get laid?
Like they stay dont get mad get even.
which is not right at all!
depend on if your boss is still asking for favor from you....if not you can keep your job.
i hope it works out and u get some good lovin!
where are you starting from ?
No, I did not, but i am sure lots of girls did, just take it easy :)
why would you want him into serious relationship right now?
Guys like girls that just be theirselves.It works for me.
It's like I don't even want to know some of my guy friends after seeing them talk like that.
:) How about a spa gift certificate?
so dont let them change you
Be smart and if he ask you to meet again tell HIM NO this is for your own good!
My wife wants, and has changed me....Not really a good thing.
Maybe he could make u say Hee-Hee LOL
hi,i think u should know more about his life.
might have a better paying job than you.
And don't be afraid to enjoy it yourself!
we men are usually pretty obvious
So..first off I'm a girl and my best friend is a guy, haha.
up to u...but rem that u can choose wat to do but nt da consequences...think twice..
no because I would be a first timer too!
So excuse me for being stupid!
And I do not have a problem with them either.
if you think you are i think you are too!!!
Thats pretty much how hes taking it!
Myself was laid bare, I realized in a way I never have.
how did he ever get a wife!
I told her how we started talking and I apoligized to her.
Not worring about what you have to say next?
and laugh it off.... and start a conversation about her smile or tell her she has great eyes!
Depends, never get the wrong clothes size for someone, they'll never forgive you, but other than that...
so, anyway why don't you help me try to make this answer a song.
age doesnt have a limited on how finds love love is every where yes u will give it time
its already been a year... .. shes moved on a couple of times, im still at square 1.. .
Because he is your cousin and cousins do TALK on IM 2.
if she is prejudiced, then you dont deserve her anyway...
He brings her to the beach and they watch the sky writer spell out his proposal.
To him I don't do much..I'm expecting another baby.
all i got to say is... go shopping!
1on1 girl if he dont love you let him go
Plus, they're just so damn sexy.
And then I noticed I was the only person doing this.(!)
well at 8.5 i must be huge then, good luck buddy
If you want women to feel comfortable with you treat them like a friend.
AGE AINT NUTIN BUT A NUMBER........
just let him come to you.
If you get slapped forget I said that and go to step two.
if he insists, then break up with him
tickle her the senastional parts and enough foreplay
Be choosy and you will find it!
So all that time, sex was a disappointment and I didnt know why it was so great!
If all the girls are saying he is a jerk, he probably is.
It's amazing...it's like looking into a wee thumbnail cartoon mirror!
Girls want a confident guy just like guys want a confident girl.
If u guys r meant to be, then YES...
yeah beacause mayb she isnt ready yet and later on she will
My guy feels the same way  , I hate it .
Marriage is security, why u r insecure?
yes there are, maybe you are just to demanding and unrealistic.
and if you just met her, just take it slow.
Not enough info to go on.
if he doesnt even want to try long distance...this may not work out in the long run.
SO IT DOESN'T MATTER AS LONG AS YOU LOVE HIM!!!
THATS WHY MY NAME IS WHAT IT IS.BTW CHERI IS A GIRL THAT KNOWS WHATS UP.
If he crawls back; move on.
DO I HAVE A CURSE ON ME ARE WHAT?
Hope that helps you out a little.
I see nothing wrong with it!
One date didn't cut it for me!
Some guy like it others don't.
Especially when that guy found what he's looking for a girl to that other girl.
TALK TO HIM AND MAYBE HE WILL CHANGE!
THIS WAS SUPPOSE TO BE FUN?
tell him, if you really like him.
young women date older guys alot .
Send me a message and I'll flirt with you ;)
My guess is you like both of them.
in fact, i didn't really give you any advice come to think of it.......
i could type for hours but have to go and do some work!
lol  keep him dangling for a while....weeks!
BUT SHE DONT HAVE THE GUMPTIOPN TO MAKE ME UNTIRED ENOUGH FO HAVE IT.
IF YOU'RE NOT IN A RELATIONSHIP THERE'S NOTHING WRONG W/ EXPLORING ALL OPTIONS.
no it wasn't wrong  give him credit  Ed Mcmahon once said you can't win if you don't enter
At that age my hubby didn't have much of a sex drive either...it does happen...
i dont know how much it costs.
make sure you love her and then just go for it...remember...women like romance!
my fiancee came home one day and told me that he cheated on me a week ago.
you know what, if she's shallow enough to be concerned with stuff like that then who needs her.
Is there any advice on this?...
AND IF YOUR THERE BECAUSE OF LOVE THEN GET SOME COUNSULING .AND WORK IT OUT .
say goodbye and mean it..you deserve better.
Who likes anyone who is not real?
My boyfriend uses primatene mist,an otc inhaler  hope this helps:)
GOD WANTS LOVE TO BE FOR MAN AND WOMEN ONLY.
Sometimes, honesty is best........dont wait....tell her you were waiting.
U must be ugly to advertise here .
Everytime im around her i feel like shes eye'ing me and sneaking in cheap touches.
well, you  kind of answered your own question!
then you have girls that try and warp guys to do what they want.
ARE YOU BUYING (GIVING HIM MONEY) HIS LOVE?
Of course it's up to you!
so why do you think that is.
in what part u became selfish?
if you feel that it isn't right then don't try to find excuses to do it.
Ever meet that guy who only dates girls with over DD cups?
I think that guy just thought you were pretty, or something.
what if she doesnt like me?
if you're straight, gay, or bi, it's up to you.
JUST TALK 2 HER THEN ONCE U START TALKIN ASKHER IF SHE WANTS 2 GO OUT SUMTIME!!
If not, then Im sure there are other reasons that they have.
R you giving her time, emotional touch etc.?
And they can't really have something bad to say about everyone they know.
dont beat his as$ talk to him if that does'nt work beat his as$!
you don't think of anything else but them
No for most girls, but some do.
i go home to vacation every year to see him.
in the bible i have love is the  willingness to work for anothers benifit...
YUO LET HIM KNOW HOW YOU LIKE HIM DON'T LEAD HIM ON
Update:   Tell her Dr. Phil always says If they'll cheat WITH you, they'll cheat ON you.
and from your post i think you are to young to be in love like this.
Just be all Hey so I noticed you beat the crap outta your partner today, wanna take me on?
if you honestly feel all of the above, that is love!
if you realy like him go for it but remember dont fall to hard the move could hurt.
No, wait unil you are married??
my problem is i don't have a big penus( about 5in erected).. and i only last about 4-6 min.
what kind of a question is that!?!?!?!?!?
if she smiles and laughs a lot w/ you, thats a good sign to make your move!
I,VE CARRIED THE WEIGHT OF BILLS,KIDS CARE, ETC., FOR YEARS AND I,M FED UP.
'course, if you're talkin about in bed..  well, that depends on what she's like.
that guy gonna have a good laugh!
Because i have not really meet people of diferent races.
wear protection, try to make her feel as comfortable as possible.. and take it extremely slow.
and maybe the timing just wasn't right you'd invite her to do something and she really was busy.
I see strange #s on his phone all the time but says it's work related.
I WANT IT ALL THE TIME.
If you have sex before marriage, why get married?
U CAN LOOK 4 HIM ONLINE AND MANY OTHER PLACES
P.S : Dont fall for a girl.. let girls fall for you!!
it was fun and i would do it again!!
The right one will come dont worry
have a lot of guys as friends and date them.
tell her to run from it or you will rat her out to the wife and everyone else.
BUT ME PERSONALY DO NOT LIKE THE FACT WOMEN LIKE WOMEN AND MEN LIKE MEN IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT.
No , not at all .
everyone is doing it....but like sumone b4 me said why get married if u gonna have sex outside it?
She probably doesn't think she's that hot.
if they know u want them there is no challenge for them.
I THINK HE IS SICK GUY .
Come back later, chat, and kid around a little more, then walk away.
if he is smiling, you might be the person who he likes.
Would you be a bad person to want better?
they r sincere when they say size does not matter.
ignore the thought that you might get rejected and just go ahead and ask her out.
Then, imagine spending the rest of your life with him/her.
Call & talk to him, though.
ya what do you mean girls just like a guy thats there self and sweet and does not cheat
the world needs more girls like you.
An 80 year old man could date a 15 year old girl & not get in trouble.
Yes cuz i would fell wrong.
If it was me, (I am a girl) I would not make love till I was 27.
But please keep me out of this.
But I found that you just can't make it,   if your not in love.
puppy fashion  allows for the greatest mutual climax
he has the best of both worlds.
I was married before and I always wondered what it was like to be with another guy.
who do u love more - boyfriend or bestfriend?
i dont know whats the promble but i dont know how it feels to climax while havin sex.
tell him how u feel, u will regret not doing it
Well it depends on what type of cut ur going for.
I love mine, so cute, just like me..
My ex-husband, who I walked out on, married his 2nd cousin!
Just go up to her and tell her you like her style.
you seem really sweet...so i'll be straight with you.
third why would you want a guy who can't even afford rent.
i rather be a mad man and eat food with pigs than to become a gay.
when men are obnoxious, or when they burp
if hes never been faithful why waste your time and life.
MOST MEN LIKE BIG BREAST WERE BREAST FED.
Dont be afraid to say  No duh!
is called one night in hell i think or somthing like that.
if she really loves you then just say you love her and she will say it back.
STAND BY HER SIDE AND LET HER KNOW THAT SHE SHOULDN'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE THINK ABOUT HER.
where do you live how old are you?
avoid the old chocolates (pounds lol).
she probably doesn't want to hurt your feelings.
beacase you know boys there so immerture!
there is a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone.
Maybe he's just having some rough times
Seems like you have a nice friendship going on and the other girl is getting on his nerves.
Cuz if their not their not afied to get sexual.
my b/f gets mad at me for no reason who knows why
Here's one that I found on the web.
catch you ball and then you'll know
sometimes a 8pack can look like a little too much.
Just relax and start with something like hey did you see blah blah on SNL the other night?
Why can't I meet a nice good guy that I actually have things in common with?!
Pick someone out and walk up to her and start talking, but never use a pickup line.
IF HE COMES BACK THEN HE IS YOURS IF NOT DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME FOR HIM.
YEA WHAT THE FIRST PERSON SAID
Anyway, dont stay with person who loves you if you dont love her!
dont go all out at once.
were you having problems in your relationship?
what i am saying to you is you do not no him.
if ur in 2nd grade or something.. forget about it just remember his name in case he comes back:)
fairy tales do happen - when you don't expect it, when you don't even recognize it at first.
maybe you just arent compatible maybe you should break it off and find other people.
i think my gf likes somebody but when i ask her she says no but i dont believe it
slender, with a touch of athleticness.
kewl, with all the neat features...don't waste your money on yahoo...Go there!
whats wrong with talking to guys?
men lie about cheating because they know they are dumb for doing it!
so treat her well and i bet shell do the same for you !
Don't rush her, don't do it if she doesn't want you to.
even bad sex is good sex  at least, so ive heard
well, u guys should just break up...
So I wouldn't want her to get hurt by something that I did.
Hire a full-time nanny, then go to Vegas!
her: yes me: you really shouldnt.
Third:  Hair (especailly if it's red).
Every guy I know is circumcized.
i perfer it to be trimmed, especially when he wants o r a l....
Not just any guy but one I can say that he's really a MAN
for exampple if he is not wearing a watch you can give him a watch etc
skin on the end of his penis should be just fine.
I'm getting SCARED & I am already paid in full!
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Just be urself and have fun!
do you know how to cook?
you don't if you want to keep your wife!
She seems to like the beach and water.
Good luck and I hope you get the girl.
Arent you allowed to have any guy friends?
Thats why it's so special, you never see it coming.
If you ask WHO IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE GAL than the answer would be MISS ASIA PACIFIC....may be!!!
i'll do anything u like just give me your e-mail
what a guy want from girls?....
don't ever let yourself be with this guy ever again, you just let him walk all over you.
yes,and the showers great, the wine,the...meal.
don't do it eventually you will regret it!
take him to do somthing active and fun for both of you
If they don't want to sleep with you.
All though if there is no trust in a relationship you shouldn't be in it!
no~ they aren't pigs :o they are dogs~
anniversary: Paper 2nd: anniversary: Cotton 3rd: anniversary: Leather  Who started those?
They have nice paper at office supplies stores, I even got some nice paper at walmart.
beware girl be careful so careful
Find a rich athletic cute chick.
if he doesnt love u he will ignore you.
at 1st u get a wierd kinda undescribeble feelin most of the time.
And I don't do it for sex either, heck I'm still a virgin.
Seriously, I don't understand why guys do that.
for a good outlook on dating/life, heres somethin for u to read.
how often should i email my lover ouside z countery?
Then go out and have some fun!
PM me anytime you sound like a sweetheart.
anw njoy your life now cz sometimes love hurts!good luck sweety!
best way to ask her out
For a guy that is perfict.
When I got married my mother told both of us tht a marriage is 50/50.
put on some lipstick and wow him with your charm!!
actually he does not go in at all.
a room with a jacuzzi tub.
6 is afraid of 7 becuase 789
i think if u really wanted to know ask your parents.
Interesting idea....but no, I don't think so.
thats why lots of marriages last 50 years.
that is one of criteria we look for a guy!
Ahhh ok thanks for sharing I guess??????
some girls just do not like that at all
then say you would like to take him.
play with some one elses toys ;)
We've got your back........now go conquer this problem!
I've couldn't of been so happy.
Blow him a kiss and then say , So, what's up.
Would anyone mind telling me what true love is because everytime I think I have it, I don't
I find it much easier NOT to cheat or lie.
You can not help it that  mature men want you.
If he is the right one, he wont mind waiting til marriage for you.
He needs you now more than ever!
its really not that hard, come on don't be a baby.
now he and i are like best friends.
depends on how u carry the relationship in the future .
kill her boyfriend ha ha ha ha
I tried to date someone older and it didn't work.
I guess men are giving out wrong impression.
I absolutly dispise my ex-mother inlaw!!!!!
we have two children together one son, one girl.
do not include religious ideas plz
IM THINKIN OF GOING IF SHE GOES CAUSE IM SCARED OF HER GOING ALONE!
Actually thats really sad if she can't find anyone outside of her famimly.
like when she does somthing rong again spaz!
if he wants u back u should totally say yes.
you could do something that everyone likes.
Or for the guys who awaits in a long que,counting their time to get one with u..????
If I didn't do it, I wouldn't want him to resent me for it later on.
now if a female cheated on a man, they're hoes!
me n my friends dont seem as close anymore.
Don't put labels on it or he may get scared.
didnt think they did those anymore.
But just what kind of job.
if so it's ok tobe scared just finding out why is the next step babe.
Is it a problem for you that they are girls?
Not no juncky like the guys in Boys N Da Hood.
can some one tell me!does love really exist?
OMG.. not that far.... 15 years differ is OK, but  22...... eerrr.... no comment
do u like it when a guy is always on point, at the drop of a dime, always willing?
But u ARE HEARTBROKEN and unhappy without one!
She really cares about him too.
listen 2 the 1st lady i agree
First we must set something straight...NOT ALL WOMEN ARE UNFAITHFUL!
you cant do anything about it.
Am a female and most of my friends are guys!
love brings light upon your life
thinks were close but i dont feel close to her at all.
Im not saying to wait for marriage....Im just saying make sure your both on the same page!
find someone who truly deserves your love
go find u a date on the internet yahoo CHAT
only on line with no other ties just cyber sxxx
But if he only say that over texting, isn't that ok?
i think the best way is talking to her !
ask your self.. .. .. Why?
should i approach  him or is a letter easier
A store owner would never rip you off...
Don't give up, it will happen!
yes but remember that u don't lose him/her
It seems like i always have a crush on someone...it's like a hobby.
but there is other thing - nobody is perfect,including me.so i`m searching.....
My hubby sides with her sometimes, but I don't care what she thinks!
and hes like r u mad?
Even the husband I have now cheated on me.
Friends: Those who likes you forever if u made mistakes.
As an Asian man I said YES and NO!!
a margarita on the rocks - no salt!
That its wrong, and you totally disagree w/ what she's doing.
Guys, opening up about their feelings?...LOL, only in your dreams.
one thing i would of liked my husband to give me was the gift of thanks.
Now that doesn't mean he has to be all loud and boisterous.
If you care about your girlfriend more, just look, no touch.
call him every night to say good night and talk dont cheat just be nice!
rose petals on our bed,along with champaign, and candles
my girlfriend liked it cause she got a new wardrobe out of the deal.
Tell her she looks nice or smells good.
sounds like she has something to hide!
when they sad u well do any thing just to them smile.
most guys usually know where the g spot is
give him a romantic dinner at your house
hey wats good..u can hit me up at lezzyallday@aol.com
Plus you could just show up and dip out if it gets too boring.
NOTHING ANY BETTER IF YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE WHO LOVES YOU BACK.
sooner or later he is going to find out.
ITS SO SIMPLE THEY LIKE TELL YOU WHY YOU WANNA KNOW....
It never failed me ;)  best of luck girl
There laugh...I like to hear people laugh.
STANDING UP WHEN SOMEONE ELSE JUST SITS SROUND
No, now really... if you really know the guy, you'll know.
If you can't trust him , go away and get a life , no trust no love
7 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch, eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch.
Well if I was you I ask him cause I don't ur fellings to be hurt.
YES, YES, AND YES,,  I HAVE THAT PROBLEM WITH A LOT OF GIRLS..
I've never cheated on a girl in my life and I'm never going to.
sorry, but i don't think so.
Always tell her how good she smells and how crazy you are for her.
get over it move on remember karma will come kick u in the ass
a few months later, he did it again..i got over it again.
Hope you find this a helpful!!
what can i say 2 her with out hurtn her feel?
To those guys out there who do what you're asking...ya'll filthy pigs.
They are super easy to use, and look nice.
Tell someone and keep saying it until someone listens to you!
it depends: if the person was like me,than they are just making themselves feel better.
there is no point at this.
yes most men and women cheat, it's a fact of life =)
Another reason is he is your babies daddy!
if u r really good friends im sure ur friend will forgive you.
not just pick up some girl that you have no idea what she is about?
maybe she's been cheating him all this time theve been going out.
either way, i don't know her side of the story... u must've made her really mad, hm?
a picture frame with a picture of you and him in it
ur mom and relatives will make fun of u forever
that lazy son of a B***** .
Because they are insecure with them selves
coz women are juz a rib
college?yea rite, sounds like elementary school problems~
as long as they are good people and you get along really well, then it's ok to be friends.
(now.....to see if I can take my own advice!
I don't like BIG lips, but juicy fullll lips, hell yeah!
that way it wont be a shock good luck
im 13 and im thinking the same thing.
inside he might like you to but you don't know that until you talk to him!!!
It's nice to know what people really think.
thats something for a doctor to talk to you about
or it could be a macho thing
If not tell him to back off.
you dont she eather likes you or she doesnt.
you just know you cant really explain it...
no, don't get worked up over nothing ;)
Love is too holy a feeling to be bad, be it for anybody
I had a bf who said he watched porn so he would stay faithful...whatever.
When he is  (a) Consios and awake (b) Listening to you (c) Not a gay
go with the one you like best.Money does NOT matter.
If you don't kick him to the curb.
I was wonderin because I had one but my parent threw it away should I wear a thong again?
Whatever you like........i just want the 2ps
We are both friends and i don't know if he likes me back.
I WENT OUT WITH THIS GIRL A FEW TIMES FROM THE 8TH TILL THE 12TH GRADE IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Hope you're not having sex though.
what does he ask about you?
i dont get why some people think that it is such a big deal.
just delete it and go on with life.
you should think abouth the future
my advice, just dont open it, just send it straight to the trash bin.
however it could be just a safety rope.
the UPS guy, your super, anyone!
as long as you keep your cool.
he makes me so happy and i feel real for once...wanted.
Diffinatly pick her up, It makes you look better.
he even seemed heart broken when i let him go.
yes  but let see now, is it me ?
be friendly to everyone...soon you will have many best friends
Everytime doesn't have to be that special, but the first date definately should be!
Could a normal conversation for u seem like flirting to the guys?
But people like this DO exist !
or ask yourself is he still the man i married.
hope you get the answer you want .
and she doesnt want to be with him neither him.
but if you are too embarassed to ask her.
But only if you know this girl already.
Trust this, girlfriend: you've gotta make him realize what he's giving up by breaking up; and that's Y-O-U!!!
well so far didnt seem to me that he cared about how you feel at all.
some ppl say i cant wait for the first night....my wedding night.
not the time or place buddy
Anyway, the truth always comes out... so i guess it is pointless
its kinda gay but, hmmmm i dunno
i have no idea cause i have never done something like that.
Invite lots of friends, and the guy you like.
depends, is it johnny depp or is it howard stern???
Well Depends Some like Them Large Some Like Them Small But It Shouldent Matter.
im sorry i cant but try hard maybe youll find one like me
you are a good daughter and you deserve a hug
Also you got to be in a city with lots of gay guys.
Get him an outfit or cologne.
How do you know he won't cheat on you?
I look back at my old boyfriends and think what was I thinking.
just be yourself... and it will all work out.
dont date        say u r all mine  &see she will be on ur penis
Not if you want to really enjoy it.
give me your e-mail address and i will e-mail you.
Too big are to wierd but too little are weird cuz u can't feel anything
So why have a boyfriend at...9?
i likve in california and he lives in canada.
Hopelessly in love or in lust?
Tell him what you just told us, then don't get too heavy on him.
just tell her  it wut id do
haha... gosh, sounds like something most girls do if they have a grudge on someone.
all his friends told me he liked me.
your boyfriend may be stupid but not all guys are stupid.
don't call her house any more.
hahahaha n im wit her on dat!
I always wanted the bad boys.
I did it twice in my life and I don't regret it.
Go ahead and walk her down the aisle.
Maybe he would ask for a dinner date or something
depends on what kind of lady you want
Good Luck & don't give up!
there is only one way to deal with temptation, don't put yourself in situations where there is temptation...........
(Yes I know many kids like this) Anyone else see my point?
And what are you teaching your kids?
there is an old saying it is better to be safe than sorry?
thigh highs for more reasons than could possibly be named here
yes if sex is all you want no if you want more than sex
Either:  1) He's insecure  2) You're cold  3) Both of you perceives the other this way.
Then one girl said that one guy had a 9 inch and was bigger than the other.
i mean for sure for sure in love!
Revenge probaby won't work, but ignoring him will.
talk to him to much and smile to him  all the time when u meet u good luck
didnt you already ask this because i remember answering
I am divorced once (picked the wrong guy, that's a shock, huh?!)
im a guy  i wouldn't kno
and if your like me the pro will be that you dont care what other people think.
Because thats what kids do to you.
Since you already know he is a cheater (you told u) why catch him?
Maybe they were brought up not to talk with their mouths full
We are friends but i really want to go out with her!
dont pressure her, let her come to you.
Yes, I really am the best looking guy in the world!
Love is not hard to find you just are looking to hard.
find yourself a good girl not a piece of s**t.
iasked my wife to marrie me only after 3 days .
Never, ever mess with a married man.
If she can't forgive him, then it's over.
or maybe putt putt something fun and inexpensive
It helps alot to have a medeator... Good Luck, thats a tough one.
pick her up she'll think its cute and prolly kiss you!!
he just dont know how to use it.
The age-old question:  do something fun, or something for the long-term?
go to college and get a great career then .
how could you jepordize your relationship with your best friend?
It is totally diferent with this girl.
do u like your friend better or your ex better?
i am just curious cuz i think i have found mine.
but choose wisely & youll find a nice 1.
Yes because after your married you should be confident you won't get herpes.
find it when you least expect it
What is a good size on a guy?
hard core is a lot more graphic, showes penitration, and has all the moaning w/ back ground music.
i met mine while driving through town.
so if anyone knows anything please let me know.
WE'LL TELL; YOU ONE THING ONE MINUTE AND SOMETHING ELSE THE NEXT..
be yourself buy her flowers something rele nice...
I had a boyfriend for 8 yrs and we split after we had a baby.
that way her way her parents gets to see how you look first.
If she's not interested, move on!
why would you wanna hurt the mother or father of your children?
and ask her if she really does love you.
beleive me she was very very sexy.
these things make it easier to approch her if u know who she is.
i hope you;re not having sex  don't worry.
but 3 years is too much
That depends if ur a guy or a girl
I asked- where can I get married outside the USA easily & fast
and why this question arise in your head now?
carefully,  but it happens, start with the buddy/ frined thing before you go to sex.
hire sex buddies to come to your house and get strippers if u like that
women use it to get what they want when they want it.
i know if i'm not gettin laid - somethin's wrong and it's not gonna last long like that!
And also, what about hairy chests?
I DONT LOOK AND WHEN I DO, I FIND THE WRONG PERSON COMPLETELY.
no it is just his LINE to try and get you on your back
Any advice you want to listen to?
go find a guy in person!
Find him and bang him like no other.
at least it seems so judging by all the people asking about that.
dont waste your time on him!!!
then again i may not be looking very hard, though.
a nice guy will just not play as hard as a bad one, same is true for girls.
No not at all ugly people need love to ya know
He does keep it trimmed for me You know where??
But if you really want him to like you, you should hang out with him.
Now, this guy told her he couldn't go around wid her.
i tell my mom or dad when ever i have a boyfriend to let them be aware!
My dad is moving out on Jan. 15, but it's not soon enough!!
Seriously..I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date.
Everyone she has slept with you will then be with too...think on that one!
whoever feels more comfortable making the first move
My question is isn't that like having your cake and eating it to.
For men and women, but not any men or women.
when you  find the right guy
You can't help who you fall in love with and love has no color!
My husband was gone alot and I got used to doing my own thing.
sometimes u will stay hard for to long.
Few men like to go with a girl MUCH taller than them.... well, except Tom Cruise, maybe.
keep them in your heat, and move on!
So if you find your shoe.........care for that soul.
if you cant get her out in your head,, thats it....
-SOme kissing techniqus would be nice..list some if u got any -How do u inpress a girl (P.S.
HE said after he had sex with her he told her he was sure that they were over.
u will know when u find the love of ur life responsible and mature enough
are you scared and feel responsible cause hes there to take care of u?
but if you don't and they find out then you are so busted!
consider him as what he is a looser and go next!!
her mom found out and she laughed but i was never allowed to sleep over again
my man is the most masculant guy i know and he was the most understanding when i told him!
If he does not do that, then don't waste your time because he is just playing the field.
yeah, i agree with the first two.
and when you're married, you get lots of practice and don't have to worry about diseases!
but she ran off and wont talk to me--what should i do????
But It's very hard to be!
I say.. GET OUT WHILE U CAN... find another boy... you deserve much better!
No need to anymore *BIG SMILES*
your hand will always love you.
lol  Ok....sorry, couldn't resist.....seriously....even tho I'm a guy I'd like to offer an idea.
if you have feelings for those online, that are more that friendly feelings, then yes your cheating!!
No matter where you go... there you are.-Buckaroo Bonzai
why not i bet your bald too and she is not complaining  so why are you?
I'm in Columbus right now.........thats not too far.
back, chest, and bicepts, and well obviously u know from there!!!
if you like him and it feels right
BUT THE POINT IS, YOU'RE NOT COMFORTABLE AND THAT MATTERS.
And that's pretty hard to hide from close friends.
I don't like both of them when it comes too much, too shy or too aggressive.
I AM THE ONLY CHILD BETWEEN THE 2 OF THEM.
i mean just because he leaves there is not going to be this great calm life.
yaa who need to talk to sexy one.. talk .. sexy is not to talk with
if its a boyfriend, then tell him ur breaking up with him.
DON'T SHAKE YOUR ASS TOO MUCH.
break it to him gently... n hope that u 2 will b friends
Be her best friend again as soon as possible before its too late... already might be.
old, i wanna know if i ever have a chance getting a date
i lyk this guy @ my skool and i just came about a month ago.
get a blood test done if its his baby drop both of them obviously they dont respect you.
has she told you this or have you heard her plan this out my friend.
good luk i hope u takemy advice or find wat ur looking for.
they have to prove their manhood
Because we don't want to date a man.
THEN AGAIN, I SAY SEEK GOD and pray for him.
maybe  your not sensitive    and take more baths
i have a boyfriend and he is fine
things a little girl doesn't normally know but are fed to her by a bitter ex!
but i agree, some girls are mean, mean...sluts!
If they cheat WITH you, They'll cheat ON you!
plus if they give you to much trust, people often abuse it.
yes, just go straight to the judge.
I do prefer Aggressive guy than Shy guy.
u must have to be expert in lying
Um... look the guy up and down then say, 'hey, how you doin'?
it would so be jesse mccartney
and nary a hair on her head.
I'm led to believe that my girl is cheating on me...
(He asked me out 5 years ago)
If you want him to calm down sit down with him and talk to him.
dont listen to your sister just make sure you dont mess up the dress and everything will be fine
and she wouldn't travel taht far to visit if she doesn't care about you.
i think its worth it !
dont be afraid ma, being shy cant hold u bac from hollering at a guy.
You need to get to know him a little bit more, alot more seems more like it!
GUYS HAVE A HARD TIME PROCESSING THINGS LIKE THAT.
im a guy, yes, yes that is.
I DONT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT.
Well..its the little things that he may do.
if that doesnt work then u could try to tell her that u dont like him.
He didn't ask me out becuase we are 'just friends.'
Whay the need to get mardid at that young age.
SHE SHOULD LEARN HOW THINGS WORK ROUND THERE 1ST
YES IT IS VERY POSSIBLE TO BE IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE OTHER THEN THE ONE YOU ARE WITH(SPOUSE).
A friend is someone that going have ur back no matter what during the tough things and good times.
BUT there are plenty of guys out there who are, just keep you chin up.
Like a guy you went to school with.
I mean its like, specially th guys only hav one thin on ther minds.
he is still mad at me and he has been for 5 years now.
I thought I had learned my lesson, boy was I wrong..
Just wait     --you'll find that one and only soon enough!
She is your ex so don't worry about it.
i've known several happily married couples who met that way.
look for signs like her caring about u or acting more kind towards u.
shake it and use it and make them happy doing it!
agbaya... u should kno better than that
change ur mind and ur thoughts dear
There is if you want it to be.
first u should apolojyse than at lease get 2 know each other.
no offense, but this strikes me as an incredibly bad idea.
Right now, you just need to be a friend.
I don't know who this profile fits but if you know of one give him my address !
i think josh is a better name than kyle go for josh girl!!!
to have someone else to love you exept your family.
If he doesnt like it thats his problem he isnt living his sons life.
i would do anything for either one.
if you wish big, and you get small then that matters because it was an undisirable effect, and viseversa.
I like watching football but my husband doesn't.
Which is okay its just that I realized that we are not like what we used to anymore.
stay inside and keep your clothes on.
MY DAD SAYS IT IS WHATEVER MY MOM WANTS.
i mean what if she moves before you ask?
9 years without dates or sex or anything.
Guys think with the wrong head.
Kinda like leasing w/ option to buy.
You may not like him in person, anyway!
You can tell her, (name here), I like you more than a friend.
well if u think ur ready.
ok i am not a physco i am just kidding.
you can learn a lot about a person when they get hurt.
DO NOT PICK A PLACE WHERE YOU COULD BE SEDUCED.
SAY HEY (PERSONS NAME) I THINK U ARE REALLY HOTT.
a little get together then theys party
You're first time u not going to go that long.
send a note his way and see whats comes up
be understanding and give it another shot maybe call her up?
I can't reveal too much, as to there might be women reading this.
which means 1 out of 2 get divorce .
lot harder to just bare it then..
or Would you like fries with that?
If you have to ask then you're probaly not ready yet.
save your sons for god sake.
Get to be friends then ask her out.
guys like you who cares about what girls think.
Drop her A$$ like a hot brick!
She's a jerk and you're pathetic if she uses you like that.
U'll know if he's the 1 don't worry!!
soon they'll be saying oh that girl.
well, if its affecting you then its probably best to break up.
hey, u just to earn some points....heheheeh
And ALWAYS remember this phrase: If you love it, set it free.
(Iceman is my hubby lol...he really is the most amazing man ever though...I love him soooo much)
or he will stay flirting with others?
If you are questioning if you are ready then don't do it now.
They beleive you or they don't.
Let her know she is the one you wish to spend the rest of your life with.
i dont know,i have never been married.
you've got to know someone before u develope love for that person.
COLLEGE IS HARD, AND WORKS SUCKS!
i probably am going to anyways so i just want opinions
NOPE not me hate the movie but allways Romantic baby
Huh or how can i get them together?
Incest is always wrong - it's the kind of thing animals, not human beings, do.
maybe he wants to step it up a notch - y'know, marriage... or maybe he's sex starved.
He sucks more than you do.
i tried to tell him why i did what i did and why i stopped.
quit torturing yourself and using him ... move on
ask him to bring back tacos.
i can get it though should i do that and call back or wait till be calls back ?
age dont matter its whenever you get MARRIED!
If not, hunt it down and kill it!
well it actually depends on the situation.
Sounds to me like you are hit s*x puppet.
Save sex until you are married, keep it for that one special person in your life.
i would like to know his name :) to thank him, thats something sweet to do for a stranger.
SIZE DOES MATTER, IM TOO BIG AND SO IT HURTS THE GIRLS, I HONESTLY WISH I WAS SMALLER.
i did, i broke up with my boyfriend but regret it later.
dont talk about old guys you dated or marriage and you should see an answer here soon.
is it fare you you do love the person the same way they love you?
Have you called him but did he always put you off or seem always busy?
b/c if its peer pressure, then u should just ditch those friends.
!LIVE FOR YOURSELF quit wasteing time with him!!
i dont know but talk to me
If youre not married, it's flat out WRONG.
my advice, pick the one that is the cutest!!!!
Cuddle, play, and lounge around a lot!
This might be a big surprise to them, it might not.
First, you have to love YOU!
I know what you're going thru.
first try to see whether he is the right person for u when u meet!then decide!
im 14, and catholic, and so far my parents havent told me im gunna go to hell
I hope you get asked to the by this guy.He really seems like a nice guy you know!
Wow rocky.......you hit the nail on the head.
find another bf n just leave him goodluck
omg i think you have a mis understanding with you girlfriend
36 IS NOT TO OLD MY SISTER IN LAW IS 40 AND HAS ONE.
actually men is more pro-active or most of the time the initiator.
and yes, i do belive in true love, and soul mates.
And SHE watches them more than he does!
Let them be friends with each other and buy a larger bed.
and he doesn't even kno that i exist!!!
name sounds familiar what about her?
wut if we lernt to spel or make a setants
i know itll be hard but u cant hold on to her or ull never move on
I am a child of fortune or I am a loser?
so many things can happen that you are just not ready for.
I would go with plan A---not all that--but great personality....  :-)
Kick him to the street... You're gonna have problems in your relationship with his ex still around...
i wont sugar coat it, you should never raise your hand in anger.
i like smart, funny, sexy, out-going, and just knows how 2 have a good time kind of guy.
Honey Honey Honey...Beauty Is Only Skin Deep!!!
You are still growing and the baby fat may go away and it may not.
are you thinking hes not satisfied because you arent?
Live life on your terms not somebody else's!
it isn't good to be a lesbian?
Get some other idiot to rub all up against.
if u ask this question something should tell u that u have love.
My dad just got into it.
What if you were to catch a STD?
Okay ... since you two are more like random stranger rather then friends .
at least let her hear your voice when you do it.
ive learned i dont like women bigger than me.
well you could email me =) <3    tayreane43@yahoo.com
SEEMS KINDA STANGE THAT YOU WOULD SAY HIS NEW SECRETARY WAS CUTE!
No, it's normal...just don't go broadcasting it.
sure u can...just choose the good one...
Wow you sound like me...we should chat!!!
Women don't normally have a penis.
just take a deep breath and ask!
why would you want to, unless you want to keep your options open.
eyes, stomach, lips, butt and heels
The fact that he said that he 'cared for you' and that 'it wasn't working'.
So what if she doesnt like you anymore?
IF YOU HAVE TO ASK; YOU HAVE YOUR ANSWER
If she is married, just be her friend.
Don't hold it against me though!
During my teenage times my family used to say i always ask for too much.
she means you remind her of her brother.So she means she doesn't wanna go out.!!!
but don't write your name on it, let her guess.
Contact me through my web site for chat with a real British guy - I dare you :-)
Why do men think it is o.k to be friends after they have f---up?
take a seperation time and then get back together
In your case, I'd castrate the SOB...
i'll be back with more advices soon, i hope.
get to the root problem and quit beating around the bush.
Everyone gets horny no matter what age.
Well, think of it like this: sometimes, maybe he just wants to hang out with his friends.
Are you ready to have kids???
y ?r u taking a census?well i am single.
a true friend doesn't go out with there friends ex's and they do not steal them ether!
his a loser, find a real man, perhaps me santodomingo@yahoo.com
I love my ex, but she dumped me :(( How do I get her back??
u havent been looking n the right places
Anyone that doesn't see a great person behind something as trivial as braces probably isn't worth it.
well I think jasons an idiot
no its not wrong---if he dont like her.
they do not have any manner
ask her what time it is.
yea i'm all those you just mentioned and like mart guys.
try to talk to him alot and be nice
Think about the family member that told you it won't last.
well why did you 2 break up in the first place could it happen again easily?
Usually it means 'I don't want to'
Smells fishy don't do it or you will regret it.
we even lost a baby wich i was very happy .
Give it time and u won't feel the same way about him
but like the first guy said, you have to learn to like yourself first.
believe it or not there are!!
Oh how those messages set her heart afire!
Hey friend...  Do you really like this girl?
Ahhhh shit who am i kidding its about it all
so just look for guy that are nice not as sholes
b yourself if he is the one he will be happy
3) Neither of you is a Mind reader.
But doesnt his family and friends count too?
its her way of telling you she don't love you anymore.
I would , wait I have .
i dont know.. i have the same problem.. though hes not my best friend, just a friend.. but still..
even if u love him, hes not worth it
he has gone to counseling, but she refuses to.
Wouldn't both of you own it?
We don't always think about sex.
I swear Im a sex addict and she isnt.
yeah it's ok to have a guy as a friend.
you should be shopping or hanging out with your friends, not having sex with them.
let him you are not .why u think that
was your bestfriend pregnant when you started dating this guy.
But  just dont know  what to do?
If he really loved you, why would your weight matter?
one day she'll remove that...sooo...if you really like her...go for ....
But there's no way to take it back.
I am scared of it, love it, and hate it all in one psycho mess of emotions =^)
That's like asking why do women hang around their girlfriends.
she is not in my school also
I didn't read your other question but talking is a good thing.
i dont REALLY KNOW OH CRAP MY COMPUTER JUST WENT INTO CAPSLock oh, thats better.
I NEVER STAY FRIENDS WITH MY EX!
i want to know if he really going to change
if not, then maybe he is just insecure about himself.
and the more i learn out about men, the more i like dogs!
Just think of what your doing and not about you
Well, first you get real close to a person you like.
That sounds a lot like ME.
give him arsenic  he he he , just kidding
the same reason man want to in up in own panties
no, wait till your 18 at least, then persue the relationship.
cos then may be he is not the right man for you.
I would like a good list of wedding SONGS.
Have him not try so hard.
THEY LIE AND THEY ONLY WANT ONE THING AND I KNOW THAT U KNOW WHAT IT IS!
i dont know why she cant get a bf.
If you like him and have an attraction then don't throw in the towel just yet.
It's like saying that all men are the same, and I know for a fact that they aren't.
something just ain't right about that whole thing to me.
get over it theres nothing more a guy hates than a clingy stalker
Sometimes girls don't like to unload stuff on guys.
If thats what will make you happy go 4 it!
Try waiting until you are in love with someone.
if i was a dude i wouldn't.
After school kick it with your visiting friend.
you are thinking about having sex with your bf.
but you have to keep up the maintenance or it'll itch like hell
MAYBE YOU LIKES FLIRTING WITH AND IF SHE CONTINUES, TRY HER.
There are a lot of nice guys out there.
But to see nice eyes & a good looking smile also makes them much more attractive!
the eyes are a lot of it for me, too.
go to white pages.com.......they can look up anything......or you could call 411!!!
to you- green to us- blue
Im only 19 and shes 24, we hang out often when im with her lil' brother.
Is it a mature guy, he would think its cool and proud of you.
Hmmm it is defintitely NOT just men..trust me I know something about this LOL
I am, but I don't think it gets me anywhere,lol.
Don't forget good ol' mind over matter.
U will have ur ups and downs in a relationship.
not boot boots but it is high heel boots and a skirt thats sweet
So if you're a guy, then pick a girl between 32 and 39 years old.
Well ask a girl out that you like and see what she says.
look up on the internet about penis exercises.
but ive been with a thick woman b4 out of curiousity.
Is it because you don't want it to end up in the wrong hands?
i am not looking for guy i dont even know sweety you sound just plain Desperate!
hes not like a typical obnoxious jock.
Age difference 16 years apart but definately she's the one!
if he does'nt have someone special in his life and you don't either then what is the problem?
thats pretty stupid for someone not to like someone else because of braces!!!
He starts to say ohh did a guy send u a message and bla blah.
yes, all men can cook, but will they cook for you????
When you flirt with him does he flirt back?
Start with a pet (if you don't have one).
as long as your not under age then it is good older guys make better lovers
is that not normal as im a girl then.
STOP AND PRAY IN THE MIST OF YOUR FINDING BECAUSE ONLY GOD CAN KEEP YOU FROM KILLING THEM.
need a ride, borrow a few dollars, etc.).
Make sex fun, and even funny at times.
my best freind was having a baby and she said it was my boyfreind's baby.
Good Luck and let me know how it goes!
I wish I had that problem...
What the heck, go for it & good luck.
Deep inside we know you're faking!!
Or else he loves being around you.
Man thongs (for the nice physique), boxers (for the uglies)
Tell him he's an idiot and dump him.
Be assured, there are others like you in this world :)
However I can deal with short hair but they gotta have an awsome chest!
yep..you have reached the final clinching step in having your identity stolen!!!
instant_karma hit it right on the nose!!
just don't do anything too drastic!
Just do not give up, even though it is like pulling teeth.
Of course she might get nightmares, which is bad.
{BUT WHAT U DO WILL COME BACK TO U}  AND UR HEART IS GOING TOBE BROKEN THINK ABOUT IT
When it feels right ... You should wait til your married ..
I know this sounds funny but it always seems like they don't??
And i am running out of excuses.
guys, much the same way just not to the face.
this one guy i've been eyeing happens to be checking me out too.
( I am only being honest, no disrespect at all)
when i will have nothing to do
no not at all, its how you use your tool that matters.
But I apologized for all that.
Because i'm a dumb@ss, and i'm learning.
because it helps keep us feeling young.
1's a freak always a freak so if shes down y shouldn't u be?
Disney World...we wanted to have fun and we did!
if its still a casual relationship then no, i would probably not want to be with him.
i woke up immediately, shocked, and had no idea what had happened.
one thing i learned from guys - don't nag them too much or they'll just hide stuff from you
I felt like I was in an 80s movie.
Get the hell away from her.
Dude, it's like you sort of wanta check yourself.
And for your info, I faked once.
Your head is probly playing tricks on u but listen to your heart
try asking some of his friends or even just directly asking her out!
it doesn't make sense to me
i dont think the lesbian partner likes you cause she a...um...lesbian!
omg, this one is so easy.
dont' do it out of desperation just to go to the prom.
you have not even tried to contact me..WHY is that ????
because she will only get 1 year of support for every two years married.
for some girls they feel good b/c they r maturing.
u can  talk to me at soccerbabe296@verizon.net just email me and ill talk to u
It could be exciting for the both of you, in a weird sort of voyeur way.
hed probably be thrilled... unless the 3 person was a guy
If it were BAD, why even do it once??
Make the first move if he not reply ask me to be your BF
whatever you know he will like.
because my heart is broken.. .
It shows that they're not always all tough like they try to be.
But if can't or just don't want to, don't beat yourself up for it.
Kinda makes you wonder if women really care if their man gets off.
You would not be toying with two guys if you really loved one of them.
or do you just think is about time you get over it?
And when I tell them I am married, 70% don't seem to care, even sadder.
I probably dream about sex about 4 times a week.
then out of the blue some chick is going to wake up and realize d@mn!
One who will make you whole.
go away for the weekend some where romantic
be confident abt ursel dear girl.
Choose the one with bigger boobs.
No one think that you are a freak.
But if you don't feel right about it, don't do it.
Why do you girl always encourage relashionships ??
because if are parents find out we will be killd.
he's real cute but obnoxious he would stop brothering me and can't stop flirting with me.
Well, I think if you care about her be honest and tell her.
if it were a guy, he'll probably think about it first.
and god bless your unborn Baby boy!
If she doesnt respond to u in say....2 months, then take all that engery and move on.
no problem that i can see.
that you both could be together... jus maybe....??
I mean how will you ever know now?
A little thing call the truth might work!!!
BECAUSE HE LOVES YOU A LOT AND WANTS TO KNOW YOU EVEN BETTER.
Show her that you like her.
I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GAY PEOPLE THEY ARE JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
MOST MEN DONT REALLY CARE ABOUT SATISFYING THEIR PARTNER.
If you are a boy, I don't know...
Sound like she tell him what to do .
Its a weird psychological thing, but it ALWAYS seems to happen!
cuz if you dont love your self, then how can you be loved.
It's a dance with lots of people in socks!
most women don't know how to make a man have an orgasm - it just kinda happens.
but figuratively, you should do something she haven't seen yet that will definitely surprise her.
YES I DO...BUT I CANNOT SAY WHY..TOO PERSONAL TO EMBARRASSING
let him know after 3 years if he cant trust u now then he probally never will.
He wont sick a bull on you!
you are sure yo get one.and it is safe too
& the older you get, the less age matters anyway - a decade isn't that much.
Scary movies are good cause then she has a death grip if she is afraid.
Good thing your not married or you would be in so much trouble.
Wait for him and don't flirt with anyone but him!
im not sure if this has been asked already if so im sorry but jw
They were having sex with their mom, sisters, cousins, etc.
tell her this; make your self more beautiful.
beacuse men are animal...and women are animal lover....
not ur brother or cousing or dad... like a boyfriend
cause we generally are not homo !
Oh yeah and they eat and poop a lot.
i think girls that like to sing are cute.
Say something and bring her to counselor  :)
Just be yourself and don't push the issue with her....K
Do they cut the head off bunny wabbits???
does he see it ending in marriage).
But if you ever find it, send it my way!
How much time are you gonna waste?
If u r looking to have sex and nothing else, I suggest u do not get married.
If thats something someone does...the least they can do is not do it around others.
we cannot stop someone from hurting.
he's trying to make you feel special and loved, but that doesn't mean that you are in love.
if hes really getting to your nerves find somebody else.
how do they know what works?
but if other girls are involved, i'd probably join him to check out the competition.
if he goes out of his way to hang out or talk to you.
sure, but will she stick to him......
U know how to see if your with the right guy???
to get attention and simpathy but im only guessing.
hes probably right Dont get him>
I mostly forgot that I had them since I still thought like a little kid.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
I'm a guy and girls certainly don't fall for everything I say.
I need a girlfriend pretty badly.
it means she is sort of a whore
If he does not, he will spank you for spanking him!
Hell, he could have just fallen asleep.
when u fall in love and when ur parents approve your relationship.
:) Good Luck and if she is stuck up, find a new girl.
hmm never would have thought it...
yes u will when the right person comes
make it special so you wont have any regrets.
Get her to talk to you about HER.)
I hate to say it but probably not, especially since you have not talked on the phone.
i've tried to go out with other guys, he was jealous,but didn't want to get together again.
i have a slightly big nose but not big ears.
find a way to make him jelous and then mention that it bothers you.
the girl would have to be a real jerk to want to do that.
Oh my goodness, where to start???
they want to be taken care of!
If she did #2...keep at it!
sometimes i work out before sex and it's actually better.
Well Im tired of repeating myself over and over, I feel like Im wasting my breath.
Why don't you give it a try?
when your talking about normale stuff just say it
but is 21 and up too young you think?
make sure your on the pill then if you try both out you wont wonder who the father is
Give him a love tap on the arm and giggle while asking why he didn't call.
he is love , peace etc.
make up your mind and be a man!
and u r willing to do everything just to makehim/her happy!
No,cause u'll end up losing both.
i dont kno anything thats y i alwys try to stay in contact!
i guess u are young and confused don't worry it will all fall in place.
c if he feels like being with you.
U R GOING TO LOSE BOTH.
i dont know, but i can tell you if you find the right one.
Well she is a b***h why didn't she break up with him in the first place
If she decks you, you went too low too fast...
You only find the 'perfect' guy once in a million--if you're lucky!
why should it matter what color someone is...I thought it was always important, if the person treated you right!!!
She asked about the flowers and I just said.
There are two guys that like me.
I WOULD FAINT, THEN I WOULD LEAVE THE HOUSE.
sounds like it, just too shy to talk to you if you like him approach him and talk
Say it was nice meeting you.
i understand that would be hard but being honest would help.
He was on my friends list, he had two other women on his.
Im so sorry she has not answered you properly!
i admire you for still being a virgin.
Well, does he really like the girl?
it depends, what she means, if she means she likes you alot, then it's a compliment.
good girls are honest, they say what they think about without hurting other people's feelings.
If you think it won't work, quit and get a new job.
Not to be disrespectful, but hell naw!
What is it; not having sex?
it must be that the dude treated her really bad.
take ur time and study her
And above all like Will Smith says go 90% and let her come 10
does she even know anything about him?
It's like this... YOU DONT LOVE ANY OF THEM!
Best of luck to you, Keep it real
OK, Let me get this straight up front.... Guys are often clueless about subtle hints.
Always no matter what be yourself and if thats not good enough the guy is trash
theres more pain in your life than good n happiness
Either you pick him up, or have him pick you up.
Just say Can you do that for me, please?
that happen to me in away & it took me awhile to get over it
dear, it is all in your mind.
because honestly thats usually what it means.
It might be hard at first but guys come and go.
i dont know my big brother is so overprotective it sickens me
Well im a kid (no offense to other kids) but great parenting.
It's not so bad, you don't know what your missing!
believe it or not women ask the same question about men.
TALK TO HER ABOUT IT AND LET HER KNOW HOW U FEEL.
Wait until the 10th grade then give him a call
by the way, not doing it w/ you  does not really he's gay or something.
IF A WOMAN OR A MAN LOVE EACH OTHER WHY CHEAT.
i think its for hygeinic reasons...but as they say it increases sensation, so there!!
when friends hook up it can turn nasty.
but i wouldn't be anyone beyond her to judge her.
like parents, we always fight with them but we still love them and they love us too!!
If you STILL can't get one, well...
its long because they have to see if its ture love or not.
keep them both  is going to be problems down the line.
lke phone sex from your cell to the hous.
I think we are both happy!
he starts deviating frm the topic and in the end i donno wats happening!
any guys out there who know what they'd want?
just go up to the person that u like and grab her arms and kiss her!!
If not, at least you won't have to carry that big, I wonder if... on your shoulders.
no seriously...love is unconditional....and a realo love brings out the best and the worst in u...
have a lil pride in urself
From the way I see it, there is no way for her to learn other than the hard way.
if you are hot they will come to u eventually.
you remind me of my sister.
tell her you want nothing to do with her
of course it is, why wouldn't it be?
NEVER break up cuz youve been dating to long, that makes no sence!
do u believe in love at first sight?
If you dont its already over.
But it depends on how well u handle it to give excitement
No guy likes a dumb woman.
fifty to sixty years you realy need to know if she snores
Hell they can't stand it, they need someone to hang around with.
all i want is a fun, caring, carasmatic, spontanious girl that is also caring.
First he wanted you to quit smoking, now he says when you trust him?
Give it some time to mature.
every kiss is the first thats it.
I feel so uncomfortable around her now.
No way not in that situation......my advice is to go on with your life and find someone closer.
eharmony is expensive but very good.
If he hasnt left her yet, hes not going to anytime soon.
I want to be that Guy!!
So is it okay for me and him to be friends?
Tell her that you are sorry that you werent meeting her needs (inside ur heart u probably are).
you can met another lesbian online, but i'm not sure where else- sorry
(seriously) If you don't already think you know who the girl of your dreams is then stop looking.
If you start something out as a lie then he/she is not really interested in you anyway!
if he is then he will think more about ur looks,hair,ect.
maybe she feels bad about something?
you should be honest w/ her.
if he  doesn't say thanks, forget him, he's a jerk.
did it make you a better person?
Maybe the reason you realized you like him is because you just like seeing him happy.
do you have to be somewhere else that quick?
If somebody said that to me I'd be insulted.
i think u got wat i mean.
You love your sister in a brotherly way...if you want her that bad.
The problem is that I have the same question as you do!!!
if we didnt count our ages we wouldnt worry.
If you are a pervert, get lost!
Actually if its blind then its not possible even after so many sights.
good girls are friendly and alittle bit shy (just a little bit)
I just don't have any good excuse.
may be your best friends is trying to test you.
I don't think it matters what you look like on the outside.
just perfectly understanding each other and communicating... ofcourse good sex is the most important factor!!
she is the one you are dating not your sister.
you should be 18 or older
nice to know im a girl
If you're a good guy, and she's still this way, then I don't know the answer.
You don't like the mess, or is it a churchie thing?
Get over him and move on.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
their body,a man always checks a woman body first and the rest comes later
but seriously, how can i check my girl is virgin?
what do you mean if isnt that the way it works???
dress for the occasion and just go with the flow.
Here are some tips to pick up a guy that are nearly guaranteed to work:  1.
As far as I can tell...
If ya give him what he wants then he'll be done with you before ya even noticed.good luck!
You quit staying online so long.
if you do it together then it might not be a scary.
i wish i knew cuz i feel the same way
If that reflects your age...let the fries go, and keep the shake!!
Is it really a big deal or something?
just do what your heart wants...
if you want to make someone love you then simply telling them that you like them won't do shi!t.
U will know very soon how interesting these married men r!
If he loved you he wouldn't play a joke on you like that.
i can't say i have done it before but know people who did.
she hated giving head, she said it hurt her jaw.
take it from someone who has made that mistake already!!!!!!
the problem is i dont want to lost all of them!
the girl is a selfish brat lose her and find someone nice.
i guess it would have to be he would be more understanding.
ya that would be a big NEGATIVE!
if you really like the guy then do not break up just because other girls are jealous.
but the only person i was the be with is my boyfriend and we have what we call trust.
how they cross they legs, how they stand and walk.
I have w/ my granda, grandma don't smoke
yes, especially if you know you love them.
if it's mutual, all the better!
go out what could be worse
I don't think so (father of three)
THE BEST THING TO DO IS TALK TO HER.
IF THE CAT IS OUT THE BAG LET HIM MAKE A MOVE.
i am so sorry i wish i could help.
well see if your with the right person.
who cares.... all she will be known for is giving he*d to Clinton.
ONE girl at a time is the best bet...
so please i really need some advise on what to do!!!
for me the hoter are the good ones because they has an altitude that a girl likes.
the Asian culture is rich in...what the hell, look at it this way....a billion chinese people can't be wrong....
I gave freedom to the person I love and, she didn't have to ask for it!
ok here is a link where u can find some single chats.....good luck!
Because she had a blonde boyfriend!!!
No man wants a wife who won't cook.
be patient we grow out of it and mature.
Tell her U WANNA GO OUT WITH ME???
u could but wait and think about it
or a guy who paints his nails and drives a lexus?
Dude that is what I call LUST...
now i've never had this type of connection with another person like that.
look it up in the dictionary!
He was jealous, needy, he would get mad if I talked to anyone.
; ) And NO I will NOT share her.
y would ur bro get mad atchu ?
the key thing on a man's mind .
Guys are just alot shyer these days.
no matter what ur actual age is, admit what you have done is immature.
C'mon ladies- does penis size really matter?
just relax and be nice (duh)
i want to say that you are a one of a kind.
HMMMMMMMMM I THINK YOU MIGHT BE GAY.
That would probably make it all ok.
of corse it depends on what relation u r looking for .
